" And who is Admiral Croft ?"
" Or rather , as I believe , she considers them impossible to exist ."
I ' ll lay my life that he meant nothing farther ; indeed , it would be very strange and unreasonable if he did .
14 : 19 Hast thou utterly rejected Judah ?
17 : 12 And he that is eight days old shall be circumcised among you , every man child in your generations , he that is born in the house , or bought with money of any stranger , which is not of thy seed .
Knightley and Harriet Smith !-- Such an elevation on her side !
46 : 19 O thou daughter dwelling in Egypt , furnish thyself to go into captivity : for Noph shall be waste and desolate without an inhabitant .
--
10 : 38 Now it came to pass , as they went , that he entered into a certain village : and a certain woman named Martha received him into her house .
At this time of the year , and after such a series of rain , we shall certainly have very little more of it .
28 : 6 Blessed shalt thou be when thou comest in , and blessed shalt thou be when thou goest out .
She must talk to Lady Russell , tell her , consult with her , and having done her best , wait the event with as much composure as possible ; and after all , her greatest want of composure would be in that quarter of the mind which could not be opened to Lady Russell ; in that flow of anxieties and fears which must be all to herself .
They were to meet Mrs . Ferrars ; but Elinor could not learn whether her sons were to be of the party .
28 : 4 Give them according to their deeds , and according to the wickedness of their endeavours : give them after the work of their hands ; render to them their desert .
4 : 23 Now when the copy of king Artaxerxes ' letter was read before Rehum , and Shimshai the scribe , and their companions , they went up in haste to Jerusalem unto the Jews , and made them to cease by force and power .
31 : 39 That which was torn of beasts I brought not unto thee ; I bare the loss of it ; of my hand didst thou require it , whether stolen by day , or stolen by night .
They vindicated him against the base aspersion .
30 : 20 And the LORD hearkened to Hezekiah , and healed the people .
11 : 20 Then shall stand up in his estate a raiser of taxes in the glory of the kingdom : but within few days he shall be destroyed , neither in anger , nor in battle .
61 : 3 For thou hast been a shelter for me , and a strong tower from the enemy .
4 : 53 So the father knew that it was at the same hour , in the which Jesus said unto him , Thy son liveth : and himself believed , and his whole house .
7 : 28 But and if thou marry , thou hast not sinned ; and if a virgin marry , she hath not sinned .
119 : 14 I have rejoiced in the way of thy testimonies , as much as in all riches .
13 : 3 And Jonathan smote the garrison of the Philistines that was in Geba , and the Philistines heard of it .
It is my daily errand .
13 : 7 Jesus answered and said unto him , What I do thou knowest not now ; but thou shalt know hereafter .
" I can give you no account of them .
And they turned aside to fight against him : and Jehoshaphat cried out .
51 : 9 Hide thy face from my sins , and blot out all mine iniquities .
if the grapegatherers came to thee , would they not leave some grapes ?
16 : 15 Salute Philologus , and Julia , Nereus , and his sister , and Olympas , and all the saints which are with them .
The Second Epistle of Paul the Apostle to Timothy
21 : 5 Jehoram was thirty and two years old when he began to reign , and he reigned eight years in Jerusalem .
He so frequently talked of the increasing expenses of housekeeping , and of the perpetual demands upon his purse , which a man of any consequence in the world was beyond calculation exposed to , that he seemed rather to stand in need of more money himself than to have any design of giving money away .
25 : 28 And thou shalt make the staves of shittim wood , and overlay them with gold , that the table may be borne with them .
7 : 43 Simon answered and said , I suppose that he , to whom he forgave most .
7 : 27 The men of Anathoth , an hundred twenty and eight .
132 : 2 How he sware unto the LORD , and vowed unto the mighty God of Jacob ;
Then Rachel said to Leah , Give me , I pray thee , of thy son ' s mandrakes .
1 : 12 Wherefore I will not be negligent to put you always in remembrance of these things , though ye know them , and be established in the present truth .
They answered and said unto the king , True , O king .
We must do whatever is to be done quickest , and I think our feelings will lose no time there .
Mary deplored the necessity for herself .
" I am going to Kingston .
7 : 22 He goeth after her straightway , as an ox goeth to the slaughter , or as a fool to the correction of the stocks ; 7 : 23 Till a dart strike through his liver ; as a bird hasteth to the snare , and knoweth not that it is for his life .
30 : 20 I cry unto thee , and thou dost not hear me : I stand up , and thou regardest me not .
26 : 11 Moreover Uzziah had an host of fighting men , that went out to war by bands , according to the number of their account by the hand of Jeiel the scribe and Maaseiah the ruler , under the hand of Hananiah , one of the king ' s captains .
You had it from himself , had you ?"
105 : 2 Sing unto him , sing psalms unto him : talk ye of all his wondrous works .
2 : 9 Then I came to the governors beyond the river , and gave them the king ' s letters .
48 : 15 Moab is spoiled , and gone up out of her cities , and his chosen young men are gone down to the slaughter , saith the King , whose name is the LORD of hosts .
31 : 16 Make thy face to shine upon thy servant : save me for thy mercies ' sake .
23 : 25 And I will set my jealousy against thee , and they shall deal furiously with thee : they shall take away thy nose and thine ears ; and thy remnant shall fall by the sword : they shall take thy sons and thy daughters ; and thy residue shall be devoured by the fire .
91 : 5 Thou shalt not be afraid for the terror by night ; nor for the arrow that flieth by day ;
How do you like Bath , Miss Elliot ?
8 : 18 And Noah went forth , and his sons , and his wife , and his sons ' wives with him : 8 : 19 Every beast , every creeping thing , and every fowl , and whatsoever creepeth upon the earth , after their kinds , went forth out of the ark .
32 : 9 Be ye not as the horse , or as the mule , which have no understanding : whose mouth must be held in with bit and bridle , lest they come near unto thee .
1 : 22 And they were astonished at his doctrine : for he taught them as one that had authority , and not as the scribes .
28 : 20 And Jacob vowed a vow , saying , If God will be with me , and will keep me in this way that I go , and will give me bread to eat , and raiment to put on , 28 : 21 So that I come again to my father ' s house in peace ; then shall the LORD be my God : 28 : 22 And this stone , which I have set for a pillar , shall be God ' s house : and of all that thou shalt give me I will surely give the tenth unto thee .
13 : 16 And he causeth all , both small and great , rich and poor , free and bond , to receive a mark in their right hand , or in their foreheads : 13 : 17 And that no man might buy or sell , save he that had the mark , or the name of the beast , or the number of his name .
36 : 7 But if thou say to me , We trust in the LORD our God : is it not he , whose high places and whose altars Hezekiah hath taken away , and said to Judah and to Jerusalem , Ye shall worship before this altar ?
10 : 23 And the children of Aram ; Uz , and Hul , and Gether , and Mash .
And his brethren were content .
18 : 21 So they turned and departed , and put the little ones and the cattle and the carriage before them .
59 : 2 Deliver me from the workers of iniquity , and save me from bloody men .
4 : 5 And the LORD will create upon every dwelling place of mount Zion , and upon her assemblies , a cloud and smoke by day , and the shining of a flaming fire by night : for upon all the glory shall be a defence .
" Miss Fairfax was not well enough to write ;" and when Mr . Perry called at Hartfield , the same morning , it appeared that she was so much indisposed as to have been visited , though against her own consent , by himself , and that she was suffering under severe headaches , and a nervous fever to a degree , which made him doubt the possibility of her going to Mrs . Smallridge ' s at the time proposed .
4 : 33 This is the service of the families of the sons of Merari , according to all their service , in the tabernacle of the congregation , under the hand of Ithamar the son of Aaron the priest .
my dear , how calmly you talk of it ; and can the Colonel wait two or three months !
17 : 19 He loveth transgression that loveth strife : and he that exalteth his gate seeketh destruction .
You cannot mean that he has even proposed to her again -- yet .
1 : 17 Ye shall not respect persons in judgment ; but ye shall hear the small as well as the great ; ye shall not be afraid of the face of man ; for the judgment is God ' s : and the cause that is too hard for you , bring it unto me , and I will hear it .
Jane did not look round .
21 : 10 And as we tarried there many days , there came down from Judaea a certain prophet , named Agabus .
10 : 8 Happy are thy men , happy are these thy servants , which stand continually before thee , and that hear thy wisdom .
A Mrs . Knightley for them all to give way to !-- No -- Mr .
So Samuel rose up , and went to Ramah .
Mrs . Jennings , in the meantime , talked on as loud as she could , and continued her account of their surprise , the evening before , on seeing their friends , without ceasing till every thing was told .
by taking heed thereto according to thy word .
" Upon my word , I am not acquainted with the minutiae of her principles .
11 : 1 And it came to pass , when Jesus had made an end of commanding his twelve disciples , he departed thence to teach and to preach in their cities .
28 : 19 All they that know thee among the people shall be astonished at thee : thou shalt be a terror , and never shalt thou be any more .
8 : 32 He that spared not his own Son , but delivered him up for us all , how shall he not with him also freely give us all things ?
7 : 7 And the sons of Bela ; Ezbon , and Uzzi , and Uzziel , and Jerimoth , and Iri , five ; heads of the house of their fathers , mighty men of valour ; and were reckoned by their genealogies twenty and two thousand and thirty and four .
Amen .
20 : 6 Then cometh Simon Peter following him , and went into the sepulchre , and seeth the linen clothes lie , 20 : 7 And the napkin , that was about his head , not lying with the linen clothes , but wrapped together in a place by itself .
3 : 5 But if our unrighteousness commend the righteousness of God , what shall we say ?
I never saw Lucy in such a rage in my life .
19 : 23 And he went thither to Naioth in Ramah : and the Spirit of God was upon him also , and he went on , and prophesied , until he came to Naioth in Ramah .
136 : 12 With a strong hand , and with a stretched out arm : for his mercy endureth for ever .
" Thank you , thank you -- but on no account .-- I would rather walk .-- And for _me_ to be afraid of walking alone !-- I , who may so soon have to guard others !"
" Oh !
1 : 15 Some indeed preach Christ even of envy and strife ; and some also of good will : 1 : 16 The one preach Christ of contention , not sincerely , supposing to add affliction to my bonds : 1 : 17 But the other of love , knowing that I am set for the defence of the gospel .
14 : 9 And Jehoash the king of Israel sent to Amaziah king of Judah , saying , The thistle that was in Lebanon sent to the cedar that was in Lebanon , saying , Give thy daughter to my son to wife : and there passed by a wild beast that was in Lebanon , and trode down the thistle .
6 : 52 For they considered not the miracle of the loaves : for their heart was hardened .
In futurity I prophetic see That the earth from sleep ( Grave the sentence deep )
I do not expect my children to be asked , you know .
Nahum
5 : 5 I will get me unto the great men , and will speak unto them ; for they have known the way of the LORD , and the judgment of their God : but these have altogether broken the yoke , and burst the bonds .
( that is , to bring Christ down from above :) 10 : 7 Or , Who shall descend into the deep ?
If we feel for the wretched , enough to do all we can for them , the rest is empty sympathy , only distressing to ourselves ."
The shock which her marriage had given me ," he continued , in a voice of great agitation , " was of trifling weight -- was nothing to what I felt when I heard , about two years afterwards , of her divorce .
10 : 8 He that diggeth a pit shall fall into it ; and whoso breaketh an hedge , a serpent shall bite him .
30 : 31 My harp also is turned to mourning , and my organ into the voice of them that weep .
61 : 4 I will abide in thy tabernacle for ever : I will trust in the covert of thy wings .
17 : 6 Behold , I will stand before thee there upon the rock in Horeb ; and thou shalt smite the rock , and there shall come water out of it , that the people may drink .
3 : 3 Remember therefore how thou hast received and heard , and hold fast , and repent .
39 : 9 I was dumb , I opened not my mouth ; because thou didst it .
12 : 29 And David gathered all the people together , and went to Rabbah , and fought against it , and took it .
8 : 16 These are the things that ye shall do ; Speak ye every man the truth to his neighbour ; execute the judgment of truth and peace in your gates : 8 : 17 And let none of you imagine evil in your hearts against his neighbour ; and love no false oath : for all these are things that I hate , saith the LORD .
10 : 13 Woe unto thee , Chorazin !
Then , forgetting to think of it , she was at the other end of the room , beautifying a nosegay ; then , she ate her cold meat ; and then she was well enough to propose a little walk .
" So seldom that any negligence or blunder appears !
She happened to be quite alone .
Marianne had retreated as much as possible out of sight , to conceal her distress ; and Margaret , understanding some part , but not the whole of the case , thought it incumbent on her to be dignified , and therefore took a seat as far from him as she could , and maintained a strict silence .
24 : 14 And when they had finished it , they brought the rest of the money before the king and Jehoiada , whereof were made vessels for the house of the LORD , even vessels to minister , and to offer withal , and spoons , and vessels of gold and silver .
She must not walk ."
20 : 11 And Abraham said , Because I thought , Surely the fear of God is not in this place ; and they will slay me for my wife ' s sake .
4 : 39 And one went out into the field to gather herbs , and found a wild vine , and gathered thereof wild gourds his lap full , and came and shred them into the pot of pottage : for they knew them not .
.
18 : 13 Was it not told my lord what I did when Jezebel slew the prophets of the LORD , how I hid an hundred men of the LORD ' s prophets by fifty in a cave , and fed them with bread and water ?
will a young lion cry out of his den , if he have taken nothing ?
11 : 28 As concerning the gospel , they are enemies for your sakes : but as touching the election , they are beloved for the father ' s sakes .
13 : 14 And the ruler of the synagogue answered with indignation , because that Jesus had healed on the sabbath day , and said unto the people , There are six days in which men ought to work : in them therefore come and be healed , and not on the sabbath day .
11 : 19 Moreover the porters , Akkub , Talmon , and their brethren that kept the gates , were an hundred seventy and two .
11 : 7 Truly the light is sweet , and a pleasant thing it is for the eyes to behold the sun : 11 : 8 But if a man live many years , and rejoice in them all ; yet let him remember the days of darkness ; for they shall be many .
15 : 6 And he that sitteth on any thing whereon he sat that hath the issue shall wash his clothes , and bathe himself in water , and be unclean until the even .
As far as good intentions went , we were _both_ right , and I must say that no effects on my side of the argument have yet proved wrong .
Emma could not have a better companion than Harriet ."
56 : 13 For thou hast delivered my soul from death : wilt not thou deliver my feet from falling , that I may walk before God in the light of the living ?
47 : 17 And they brought their cattle unto Joseph : and Joseph gave them bread in exchange for horses , and for the flocks , and for the cattle of the herds , and for the asses : and he fed them with bread for all their cattle for that year .
4 : 1 Nebuchadnezzar the king , unto all people , nations , and languages , that dwell in all the earth ; Peace be multiplied unto you .
4 : 5 The fool foldeth his hands together , and eateth his own flesh .
" Ah !
Her systems have all the unfortunate tendency of setting propriety at nought ; and a better acquaintance with the world is what I look forward to as her greatest possible advantage ."
You had better look about you , and ascertain what you do , and what you mean to do ."
25 : 10 And ye shall hallow the fiftieth year , and proclaim liberty throughout all the land unto all the inhabitants thereof : it shall be a jubile unto you ; and ye shall return every man unto his possession , and ye shall return every man unto his family .
24 : 28 And the damsel ran , and told them of her mother ' s house these things .
1 : 16 Howbeit for this cause I obtained mercy , that in me first Jesus Christ might shew forth all longsuffering , for a pattern to them which should hereafter believe on him to life everlasting .
15 : 2 And Absalom rose up early , and stood beside the way of the gate : and it was so , that when any man that had a controversy came to the king for judgment , then Absalom called unto him , and said , Of what city art thou ?
8 : 1 And it came to pass , when Samuel was old , that he made his sons judges over Israel .
5 : 6 Therefore let us not sleep , as do others ; but let us watch and be sober .
5 : 10 Take , my brethren , the prophets , who have spoken in the name of the Lord , for an example of suffering affliction , and of patience .
21 : 8 And the children of Israel gave by lot unto the Levites these cities with their suburbs , as the LORD commanded by the hand of Moses .
1 : 26 And above the firmament that was over their heads was the likeness of a throne , as the appearance of a sapphire stone : and upon the likeness of the throne was the likeness as the appearance of a man above upon it .
10 : 10 But the LORD is the true God , he is the living God , and an everlasting king : at his wrath the earth shall tremble , and the nations shall not be able to abide his indignation .
2 : 2 And it shall come to pass in the last days , that the mountain of the LORD ' s house shall be established in the top of the mountains , and shall be exalted above the hills ; and all nations shall flow unto it .
1 : 16 For we have not followed cunningly devised fables , when we made known unto you the power and coming of our Lord Jesus Christ , but were eyewitnesses of his majesty .
79 : 8 O remember not against us former iniquities : let thy tender mercies speedily prevent us : for we are brought very low .
4 : 21 Jesus saith unto her , Woman , believe me , the hour cometh , when ye shall neither in this mountain , nor yet at Jerusalem , worship the Father .
Just like her !
3 : 10 According to the grace of God which is given unto me , as a wise masterbuilder , I have laid the foundation , and another buildeth thereon .
1 : 2 I have loved you , saith the LORD .
90 : 16 Let thy work appear unto thy servants , and thy glory unto their children .
She had not been able to speak ; and , on entering the carriage , sunk back for a moment overcome -- then reproaching herself for having taken no leave , making no acknowledgment , parting in apparent sullenness , she looked out with voice and hand eager to shew a difference ; but it was just too late .
Do you think I am right ?"
God hath found out the iniquity of thy servants : behold , we are my lord ' s servants , both we , and he also with whom the cup is found .
40 : 17 And it came to pass in the first month in the second year , on the first day of the month , that the tabernacle was reared up .
14 : 27 But Jonathan heard not when his father charged the people with the oath : wherefore he put forth the end of the rod that was in his hand , and dipped it in an honeycomb , and put his hand to his mouth ; and his eyes were enlightened .
12 : 2 And now , behold , the king walketh before you : and I am old and grayheaded ; and , behold , my sons are with you : and I have walked before you from my childhood unto this day .
Her jealous eye was satisfied in one particular .
So very good of them to send her the whole way !
6 : 23 Or , Deliver me from the enemy ' s hand ?
5 : 9 For God hath not appointed us to wrath , but to obtain salvation by our Lord Jesus Christ , 5 : 10 Who died for us , that , whether we wake or sleep , we should live together with him .
I thought of nothing but whether it might not be Colonel Brandon come back again ; so I said to Sir John , I do think I hear a carriage ; perhaps it is Colonel Brandon come back again "--
Would he have been less gay or less happy in the smiles of your sister ?
Let me recommend Bath to you .
The first , which was what her sister had sent him on their arrival in town , was to this effect .
2 : 12 But I suffer not a woman to teach , nor to usurp authority over the man , but to be in silence .
His spirits required support .
He found he could not be useful , and his feelings were too much irritated for talking .
4 : 12 I know both how to be abased , and I know how to abound : every where and in all things I am instructed both to be full and to be hungry , both to abound and to suffer need .
One would imagine you had never heard my father speak of her personal misfortunes , though I know you must fifty times .
But you had better go with Mrs . Weston and hear the instrument ."
42 : 3 Who is he that hideth counsel without knowledge ?
34 : 1 And the LORD said unto Moses , Hew thee two tables of stone like unto the first : and I will write upon these tables the words that were in the first tables , which thou brakest .
1 : 28 And immediately his fame spread abroad throughout all the region round about Galilee .
Then Daniel blessed the God of heaven .
11 : 53 And as he said these things unto them , the scribes and the Pharisees began to urge him vehemently , and to provoke him to speak of many things : 11 : 54 Laying wait for him , and seeking to catch something out of his mouth , that they might accuse him .
Jane was forced to smile completely , for a moment ; and the smile partly remained as she turned towards him , and said in a conscious , low , yet steady voice ,
6 : 28 But the earthen vessel wherein it is sodden shall be broken : and if it be sodden in a brasen pot , it shall be both scoured , and rinsed in water .
11 : 22 For if ye shall diligently keep all these commandments which I command you , to do them , to love the LORD your God , to walk in all his ways , and to cleave unto him ; 11 : 23 Then will the LORD drive out all these nations from before you , and ye shall possess greater nations and mightier than yourselves .
50 : 12 If I were hungry , I would not tell thee : for the world is mine , and the fulness thereof .
When this was over , Mr . Woodhouse gratefully observed , " It is very kind of you , Mr . Knightley , to come out at this late hour to call upon us .
He looked completely astonished , but not more astonished than pleased ; his eyes brightened !
That is , I know you must have seen her a hundred times -- but are you acquainted ?"
I laid me down upon a bank , Where Love lay sleeping ; I heard among the rushes dank Weeping , weeping .
6 : 19 Lay not up for yourselves treasures upon earth , where moth and rust doth corrupt , and where thieves break through and steal : 6 : 20 But lay up for yourselves treasures in heaven , where neither moth nor rust doth corrupt , and where thieves do not break through nor steal : 6 : 21 For where your treasure is , there will your heart be also .
14 : 45 And he shall break down the house , the stones of it , and the timber thereof , and all the morter of the house ; and he shall carry them forth out of the city into an unclean place .
4 : 7 Wisdom is the principal thing ; therefore get wisdom : and with all thy getting get understanding .
55 : 19 God shall hear , and afflict them , even he that abideth of old .
for shame !
18 : 31 And ye shall eat it in every place , ye and your households : for it is your reward for your service in the tabernacle of the congregation .
I deserved none .
" Yes , papa , it is written out in our second page .
57 : 2 I will cry unto God most high ; unto God that performeth all things for me .
5 : 20 For the Father loveth the Son , and sheweth him all things that himself doeth : and he will shew him greater works than these , that ye may marvel .
1 : 6 But my words and my statutes , which I commanded my servants the prophets , did they not take hold of your fathers ?
25 : 23 Thou shalt also make a table of shittim wood : two cubits shall be the length thereof , and a cubit the breadth thereof , and a cubit and a half the height thereof .
Knightley !-- I could not have believed it .
60 : 8 Moab is my washpot ; over Edom will I cast out my shoe : Philistia , triumph thou because of me .
9 : 25 Then said Jehu to Bidkar his captain , Take up , and cast him in the portion of the field of Naboth the Jezreelite : for remember how that , when I and thou rode together after Ahab his father , the LORD laid this burden upon him ; 9 : 26 Surely I have seen yesterday the blood of Naboth , and the blood of his sons , saith the LORD ; and I will requite thee in this plat , saith the LORD .
10 : 16 Woe to thee , O land , when thy king is a child , and thy princes eat in the morning !
11 : 14 For the Levites left their suburbs and their possession , and came to Judah and Jerusalem : for Jeroboam and his sons had cast them off from executing the priest ' s office unto the LORD : 11 : 15 And he ordained him priests for the high places , and for the devils , and for the calves which he had made .
119 : 31 I have stuck unto thy testimonies : O LORD , put me not to shame .
I did not think Charles would have been so unfeeling .
Marianne remained perfectly silent , though her countenance betrayed her interest in what was said .
94 : 3 LORD , how long shall the wicked , how long shall the wicked triumph ?
11 : 32 Then when Mary was come where Jesus was , and saw him , she fell down at his feet , saying unto him , Lord , if thou hadst been here , my brother had not died .
she was not so easily to be talked out of it .
1 : 33 But whoso hearkeneth unto me shall dwell safely , and shall be quiet from fear of evil .
10 : 13 The hireling fleeth , because he is an hireling , and careth not for the sheep .
for the sea wrought , and was tempestuous .
Wherefore I have brought him forth before you , and specially before thee , O king Agrippa , that , after examination had , I might have somewhat to write .
11 : 11 And the king of the south shall be moved with choler , and shall come forth and fight with him , even with the king of the north : and he shall set forth a great multitude ; but the multitude shall be given into his hand .
Colonel Brandon ' s partiality for Marianne , which had so early been discovered by his friends , now first became perceptible to Elinor , when it ceased to be noticed by them .
38 : 19 And their pillars were four , and their sockets of brass four ; their hooks of silver , and the overlaying of their chapiters and their fillets of silver .
15 : 26 And he called one of the servants , and asked what these things meant .
But -- it was NOT Colonel Brandon -- neither his air -- nor his height .
I have no objections at all to meeting the Hartfield family .
8 : 17 And all the congregation of them that were come again out of the captivity made booths , and sat under the booths : for since the days of Jeshua the son of Nun unto that day had not the children of Israel done so .
1 : 20 Whithersoever the spirit was to go , they went , thither was their spirit to go ; and the wheels were lifted up over against them : for the spirit of the living creature was in the wheels .
33 : 25 Thus saith the LORD ; If my covenant be not with day and night , and if I have not appointed the ordinances of heaven and earth ; 33 : 26 Then will I cast away the seed of Jacob and David my servant , so that I will not take any of his seed to be rulers over the seed of Abraham , Isaac , and Jacob : for I will cause their captivity to return , and have mercy on them .
Wentworth ; Captain Wentworth of the navy .
14 : 50 And they all forsook him , and fled .
2 : 25 And God looked upon the children of Israel , and God had respect unto them .
He was welcomed by them all with great cordiality , but especially by Marianne , who showed more warmth of regard in her reception of him than even Elinor herself .
Shall we continue in sin , that grace may abound ?
" I never in my life saw a man more intent on being agreeable than Mr . Elton .
12 : 22 Even as the roebuck and the hart is eaten , so thou shalt eat them : the unclean and the clean shall eat of them alike .
10 : 19 And the rest of the trees of his forest shall be few , that a child may write them .
20 : 15 Thus shalt thou do unto all the cities which are very far off from thee , which are not of the cities of these nations .
It was a very fine November day , and the Miss Musgroves came through the little grounds , and stopped for no other purpose than to say , that they were going to take a long walk , and therefore concluded Mary could not like to go with them ; and when Mary immediately replied , with some jealousy at not being supposed a good walker , " Oh , yes , I should like to join you very much , I am very fond of a long walk ;" Anne felt persuaded , by the looks of the two girls , that it was precisely what they did not wish , and admired again the sort of necessity which the family habits seemed to produce , of everything being to be communicated , and everything being to be done together , however undesired and inconvenient .
3 : 10 And the Spirit of the LORD came upon him , and he judged Israel , and went out to war : and the LORD delivered Chushanrishathaim king of Mesopotamia into his hand ; and his hand prevailed against Chushanrishathaim .
1 : 27 And I saw as the colour of amber , as the appearance of fire round about within it , from the appearance of his loins even upward , and from the appearance of his loins even downward , I saw as it were the appearance of fire , and it had brightness round about .
130 : 7 Let Israel hope in the LORD : for with the LORD there is mercy , and with him is plenteous redemption .
22 : 40 For thou hast girded me with strength to battle : them that rose up against me hast thou subdued under me .
Emma had no longer an alarm for Henry ; his interest was yet safe ; and she led off the dance with genuine spirit and enjoyment .
1 : 9 Of Zebulun ; Eliab the son of Helon .
3 : 5 And Aaron ' s sons shall burn it on the altar upon the burnt sacrifice , which is upon the wood that is on the fire : it is an offering made by fire , of a sweet savour unto the LORD .
The rooms were shut up , the lodgers almost all gone , scarcely any family but of the residents left ; and , as there is nothing to admire in the buildings themselves , the remarkable situation of the town , the principal street almost hurrying into the water , the walk to the Cobb , skirting round the pleasant little bay , which , in the season , is animated with bathing machines and company ; the Cobb itself , its old wonders and new improvements , with the very beautiful line of cliffs stretching out to the east of the town , are what the stranger ' s eye will seek ; and a very strange stranger it must be , who does not see charms in the immediate environs of Lyme , to make him wish to know it better .
5 : 8 And I said unto them , We after our ability have redeemed our brethren the Jews , which were sold unto the heathen ; and will ye even sell your brethren ?
And his mother said , Blessed be thou of the LORD , my son .
The sad accident at Lyme was soon the prevailing topic , and on comparing their latest accounts of the invalid , it appeared that each lady dated her intelligence from the same hour of yestermorn ; that Captain Wentworth had been in Kellynch yesterday ( the first time since the accident ), had brought Anne the last note , which she had not been able to trace the exact steps of ; had staid a few hours and then returned again to Lyme , and without any present intention of quitting it any more .
4 : 17 But that it spread no further among the people , let us straitly threaten them , that they speak henceforth to no man in this name .
31 : 4 Moreover he commanded the people that dwelt in Jerusalem to give the portion of the priests and the Levites , that they might be encouraged in the law of the LORD .
1 : 22 And the house of Joseph , they also went up against Bethel : and the LORD was with them .
or who hath disposed the whole world ?
But what I mean is , that I hope there is nothing in Captain Wentworth ' s manner of writing to make you suppose he thinks himself ill - used by his friend , which might appear , you know , without its being absolutely said .
The wretchedness of a scheme to Box Hill was in Emma ' s thoughts all the evening .
1 : 3 Every place that the sole of your foot shall tread upon , that have I given unto you , as I said unto Moses .
144 : 11 Rid me , and deliver me from the hand of strange children , whose mouth speaketh vanity , and their right hand is a right hand of falsehood :
She paused over it , while Harriet stood anxiously watching for her opinion , with a " Well , well ," and was at last forced to add , " Is it a good letter ?
This very awkward history of Mr Elliot was still , after an interval of several years , felt with anger by Elizabeth , who had liked the man for himself , and still more for being her father ' s heir , and whose strong family pride could see only in him a proper match for Sir Walter Elliot ' s eldest daughter .
Mrs . Ferrars , not aware of their being Elinor ' s work , particularly requested to look at them ; and after they had received gratifying testimony of Lady Middletons ' s approbation , Fanny presented them to her mother , considerately informing her , at the same time , that they were done by Miss Dashwood .
18 : 5 And whoso shall receive one such little child in my name receiveth me .
I should be very sorry that such a friendship as has subsisted between him and Captain Benwick should be destroyed , or even wounded , by a circumstance of this sort ."
Poor Marianne , languid and low from the nature of her malady , and feeling herself universally ill , could no longer hope that tomorrow would find her recovered ; and the idea of what tomorrow would have produced , but for this unlucky illness , made every ailment severe ; for on that day they were to have begun their journey home ; and , attended the whole way by a servant of Mrs . Jennings , were to have taken their mother by surprise on the following forenoon .
She could imagine Mrs Clay to have said , that " now Miss Anne was come , she could not suppose herself at all wanted ;" for Elizabeth was replying in a sort of whisper , " That must not be any reason , indeed .
38 : 7 And he put the staves into the rings on the sides of the altar , to bear it withal ; he made the altar hollow with boards .
20 : 19 Then the same day at evening , being the first day of the week , when the doors were shut where the disciples were assembled for fear of the Jews , came Jesus and stood in the midst , and saith unto them , Peace be unto you .
Elton ."
10 : 14 But Peter said , Not so , Lord ; for I have never eaten any thing that is common or unclean .
All that were good would be withdrawn ; and if to these losses , the loss of Donwell were to be added , what would remain of cheerful or of rational society within their reach ?
12 : 2 And he killed James the brother of John with the sword .
The truth was , that Elizabeth had been long enough in Bath to understand the importance of a man of such an air and appearance as his .
15 : 29 And Jesus departed from thence , and came nigh unto the sea of Galilee ; and went up into a mountain , and sat down there .
I am afraid you must have suffered from the shock , and the more from its not overpowering you at the time ."
111 : 1 Praise ye the LORD .
13 : 7 Then David sent home to Tamar , saying , Go now to thy brother Amnon ' s house , and dress him meat .
8 : 16 So the people went forth , and brought them , and made themselves booths , every one upon the roof of his house , and in their courts , and in the courts of the house of God , and in the street of the water gate , and in the street of the gate of Ephraim .
24 : 40 And when he had thus spoken , he shewed them his hands and his feet .
And the lock of hair -- that too I had always carried about me in the same pocket - book , which was now searched by Madam with the most ingratiating virulence ,-- the dear lock -- all , every memento was torn from me ."
And Manasseh his son reigned in his stead .
12 : 1 And it came to pass , when Rehoboam had established the kingdom , and had strengthened himself , he forsook the law of the LORD , and all Israel with him .
115 : 3 But our God is in the heavens : he hath done whatsoever he hath pleased .
She says I fidget her to death ; and Miss Woodhouse looks as if she could almost say the same .
12 : 10 And I will pour upon the house of David , and upon the inhabitants of Jerusalem , the spirit of grace and of supplications : and they shall look upon me whom they have pierced , and they shall mourn for him , as one mourneth for his only son , and shall be in bitterness for him , as one that is in bitterness for his firstborn .
1 : 12 One of themselves , even a prophet of their own , said , The Cretians are alway liars , evil beasts , slow bellies .
2 : 28 Thou hast made known to me the ways of life ; thou shalt make me full of joy with thy countenance .
20 : 11 And I gave them my statutes , and shewed them my judgments , which if a man do , he shall even live in them .
78 : 41 Yea , they turned back and tempted God , and limited the Holy One of Israel .
Believe me ," and Elinor spoke it with the truest sincerity , " nothing could be farther from my intention than to give you such an idea .
I was privy to all the fors and againsts ; I was the friend to whom he confided his hopes and plans ; and though I did not know his wife previously , her inferior situation in society , indeed , rendered that impossible , yet I knew her all her life afterwards , or at least till within the last two years of her life , and can answer any question you may wish to put ."
12 : 13 So king Rehoboam strengthened himself in Jerusalem , and reigned : for Rehoboam was one and forty years old when he began to reign , and he reigned seventeen years in Jerusalem , the city which the LORD had chosen out of all the tribes of Israel , to put his name there .
it shews what a sad invalid I am !
In speaking of the Harvilles , he seemed unable to satisfy his own sense of their kindness , especially of Mrs Harville ' s exertions as a nurse .
10 : 14 But it shall be more tolerable for Tyre and Sidon at the judgment , than for you .
8 : 8 We have a little sister , and she hath no breasts : what shall we do for our sister in the day when she shall be spoken for ?
You must at least have felt that my being acquainted with it could not add to its safety ."
34 : 7 And Moses was an hundred and twenty years old when he died : his eye was not dim , nor his natural force abated .
13 : 11 Then contended I with the rulers , and said , Why is the house of God forsaken ?
17 : 16 They shall go down to the bars of the pit , when our rest together is in the dust .
they die , even without wisdom .
I do not know any body who draws so well as you do .
25 : 4 And the sons of Midian ; Ephah , and Epher , and Hanoch , and Abidah , and Eldaah .
Such a sad loss to our party to - day !"
The first three or four days passed most quietly , with no circumstance to mark them excepting the receipt of a note or two from Lyme , which found their way to Anne , she could not tell how , and brought a rather improving account of Louisa .
Like him !
But you know they were your own words , that _more_ wonderful things had happened , matches of _greater_ disparity had taken place than between Mr . Frank Churchill and me ; and , therefore , it seems as if such a thing even as this , may have occurred before -- and if I should be so fortunate , beyond expression , as to -- if Mr . Knightley should really -- if _he_ does not mind the disparity , I hope , dear Miss Woodhouse , you will not set yourself against it , and try to put difficulties in the way .
2 : 34 And the children of Israel did according to all that the LORD commanded Moses : so they pitched by their standards , and so they set forward , every one after their families , according to the house of their fathers .
9 : 24 Ye have been rebellious against the LORD from the day that I knew you .
Weston !-- Astonished that the person who had brought me up should be a gentlewoman !
24 : 31 And their eyes were opened , and they knew him ; and he vanished out of their sight .
of what sort ?"
1 : 23 For I am in a strait betwixt two , having a desire to depart , and to be with Christ ; which is far better : 1 : 24 Nevertheless to abide in the flesh is more needful for you .
I have spent so many happy months there !
17 : 7 Shew thy marvellous lovingkindness , O thou that savest by thy right hand them which put their trust in thee from those that rise up against them .
" Increase !"
22 : 14 Blessed are they that do his commandments , that they may have right to the tree of life , and may enter in through the gates into the city .
You will find , whenever the subject becomes freed from its present restraints , that it did not take her wholly by surprize .
And Jesus saith unto them , Even the same that I said unto you from the beginning .
What the hammer ?
2 : 34 For David is not ascended into the heavens : but he saith himself , The Lord said unto my Lord , Sit thou on my right hand , 2 : 35 Until I make thy foes thy footstool .
48 : 29 We have heard the pride of Moab , ( he is exceeding proud ) his loftiness , and his arrogancy , and his pride , and the haughtiness of his heart .
convinced her that he had nothing more to say or surmise about Hartfield .
I have something to communicate that will astonish you not a little .
He had no sooner been free from the horror and remorse attending the first few days of Louisa ' s accident , no sooner begun to feel himself alive again , than he had begun to feel himself , though alive , not at liberty .
12 : 6 In their sight shalt thou bear it upon thy shoulders , and carry it forth in the twilight : thou shalt cover thy face , that thou see not the ground : for I have set thee for a sign unto the house of Israel .
69 : 11 I made sackcloth also my garment ; and I became a proverb to them .
But now for Louisa .
Before her removing from Norland , Elinor had painted a very pretty pair of screens for her sister - in - law , which being now just mounted and brought home , ornamented her present drawing room ; and these screens , catching the eye of John Dashwood on his following the other gentlemen into the room , were officiously handed by him to Colonel Brandon for his admiration .
She would see if it rained .
18 : 18 And Paul after this tarried there yet a good while , and then took his leave of the brethren , and sailed thence into Syria , and with him Priscilla and Aquila ; having shorn his head in Cenchrea : for he had a vow .
3 : 11 And the land had rest forty years .
Nobody is more liked than Mr . Willoughby wherever he goes , and so you may tell your sister .
1 : 21 And they went into Capernaum ; and straightway on the sabbath day he entered into the synagogue , and taught .
25 : 44 But Saul had given Michal his daughter , David ' s wife , to Phalti the son of Laish , which was of Gallim .
10 : 15 And when he was departed thence , he lighted on Jehonadab the son of Rechab coming to meet him : and he saluted him , and said to him , Is thine heart right , as my heart is with thy heart ?
For then his brother ' s bow must have given the finishing stroke to what the ill - humour of his mother and sister would have begun .
19 : 29 Judgments are prepared for scorners , and stripes for the back of fools .
And when I brought out the baked apples from the closet , and hoped our friends would be so very obliging as to take some , ` Oh !'
And Esarhaddon his son reigned in his stead .
1 : 46 So ye abode in Kadesh many days , according unto the days that ye abode there .
1 : 13 Thus saith the LORD ; For three transgressions of the children of Ammon , and for four , I will not turn away the punishment thereof ; because they have ripped up the women with child of Gilead , that they might enlarge their border : 1 : 14 But I will kindle a fire in the wall of Rabbah , and it shall devour the palaces thereof , with shouting in the day of battle , with a tempest in the day of the whirlwind : 1 : 15 And their king shall go into captivity , he and his princes together , saith the LORD .
I fancy I am rather a favourite ; he took notice of my gown .
24 : 17 And David spake unto the LORD when he saw the angel that smote the people , and said , Lo , I have sinned , and I have done wickedly : but these sheep , what have they done ?
Harriet was soon back again , and the proposal almost immediately made ; and she had no scruples which could stand many minutes against the earnest pressing of both the others .
" It is he ; it is indeed ;-- I know it is !"
32 : 7 And wherefore discourage ye the heart of the children of Israel from going over into the land which the LORD hath given them ?
She spoke to him , ordered , entreated , and insisted in vain .
20 : 8 Therefore Abimelech rose early in the morning , and called all his servants , and told all these things in their ears : and the men were sore afraid .
14 : 15 Now if thou shalt kill all this people as one man , then the nations which have heard the fame of thee will speak , saying , 14 : 16 Because the LORD was not able to bring this people into the land which he sware unto them , therefore he hath slain them in the wilderness .
22 : 16 For dogs have compassed me : the assembly of the wicked have inclosed me : they pierced my hands and my feet .
And he said unto them , It is enough .
You and Mr . Elton are one as clever as the other .
" Yes , ma ' am -- but not to bide long .
4 : 9 Be strong and quit yourselves like men , O ye Philistines , that ye be not servants unto the Hebrews , as they have been to you : quit yourselves like men , and fight .
15 : 15 Then the dukes of Edom shall be amazed ; the mighty men of Moab , trembling shall take hold upon them ; all the inhabitants of Canaan shall melt away .
3 : 12 And the Lord make you to increase and abound in love one toward another , and toward all men , even as we do toward you : 3 : 13 To the end he may stablish your hearts unblameable in holiness before God , even our Father , at the coming of our Lord Jesus Christ with all his saints .
" There can be no doubt of your being much more engaged with company than you used to be .
15 : 31 Now the rest of the acts of Nadab , and all that he did , are they not written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Israel ?
9 : 17 Moreover the king made a great throne of ivory , and overlaid it with pure gold .
I have found no cause of death in him : I will therefore chastise him , and let him go .
It was now his object to marry .
Then he shall answer , Those with which I was wounded in the house of my friends .
4 : 11 At that time shall it be said to this people and to Jerusalem , A dry wind of the high places in the wilderness toward the daughter of my people , not to fan , nor to cleanse , 4 : 12 Even a full wind from those places shall come unto me : now also will I give sentence against them .
" I am ,"-- she answered --" I am fatigued ; but it is not the sort of fatigue -- quick walking will refresh me .-- Miss Woodhouse , we all know at times what it is to be wearied in spirits .
Oh !
This is all that I can relate of the how , where , and when .
4 : 14 For if thou altogether holdest thy peace at this time , then shall there enlargement and deliverance arise to the Jews from another place ; but thou and thy father ' s house shall be destroyed : and who knoweth whether thou art come to the kingdom for such a time as this ?
20 : 6 And I will add unto thy days fifteen years ; and I will deliver thee and this city out of the hand of the king of Assyria ; and I will defend this city for mine own sake , and for my servant David ' s sake .
18 : 40 Then cried they all again , saying , Not this man , but Barabbas .
11 : 36 For of him , and through him , and to him , are all things : to whom be glory for ever .
3 : 17 And whatsoever ye do in word or deed , do all in the name of the Lord Jesus , giving thanks to God and the Father by him .
Isabella then went to Emma ; but Emma could not so entirely give up the hope of their being all able to get away ; and they were still discussing the point , when Mr . Knightley , who had left the room immediately after his brother ' s first report of the snow , came back again , and told them that he had been out of doors to examine , and could answer for there not being the smallest difficulty in their getting home , whenever they liked it , either now or an hour hence .
14 : 13 And the Philistines yet again spread themselves abroad in the valley .
You would not wish to disappoint and mortify the Coles , I am sure , sir ; friendly , good sort of people as ever lived , and who have been your neighbours these _ten_ years ."
22 : 9 Then the king of Israel called an officer , and said , Hasten hither Micaiah the son of Imlah .
and are not his sisters here with us ?
8 : 4 What is man , that thou art mindful of him ?
5 : 3 Then said he unto me , This is the curse that goeth forth over the face of the whole earth : for every one that stealeth shall be cut off as on this side according to it ; and every one that sweareth shall be cut off as on that side according to it .
It was some minutes before she could go on with her letter , and the frequent bursts of grief which still obliged her , at intervals , to withhold her pen , were proofs enough of her feeling how more than probable it was that she was writing for the last time to Willoughby .
21 : 15 And it came to pass , when Jezebel heard that Naboth was stoned , and was dead , that Jezebel said to Ahab , Arise , take possession of the vineyard of Naboth the Jezreelite , which he refused to give thee for money : for Naboth is not alive , but dead .
13 : 23 Can the Ethiopian change his skin , or the leopard his spots ?
6 : 19 The sons of Merari ; Mahli , and Mushi .
144 : 9 I will sing a new song unto thee , O God : upon a psaltery and an instrument of ten strings will I sing praises unto thee .
13 : 5 So I went , and hid it by Euphrates , as the LORD commanded me .
The invitation was everywhere so well received , that it seemed as if , like Mrs . Elton , they were all taking the scheme as a particular compliment to themselves .-- Emma and Harriet professed very high expectations of pleasure from it ; and Mr . Weston , unasked , promised to get Frank over to join them , if possible ; a proof of approbation and gratitude which could have been dispensed with .-- Mr . Knightley was then obliged to say that he should be glad to see him ; and Mr . Weston engaged to lose no time in writing , and spare no arguments to induce him to come .
When he speaketh a lie , he speaketh of his own : for he is a liar , and the father of it .
7 : 3 That they may do evil with both hands earnestly , the prince asketh , and the judge asketh for a reward ; and the great man , he uttereth his mischievous desire : so they wrap it up .
yes .
But as it was , such a notion had scarcely ever entered her head , except by Mrs . Jennings ' s suggestion ; and she could not help believing herself the nicest observer of the two ;-- she watched his eyes , while Mrs . Jennings thought only of his behaviour ;-- and while his looks of anxious solicitude on Marianne ' s feeling , in her head and throat , the beginning of a heavy cold , because unexpressed by words , entirely escaped the latter lady ' s observation ;-- SHE could discover in them the quick feelings , and needless alarm of a lover .
Anne was obliged to turn away , to rise , to walk to a distant table , and , leaning there in pretended employment , try to subdue the feelings this picture excited .
50 : 32 And the most proud shall stumble and fall , and none shall raise him up : and I will kindle a fire in his cities , and it shall devour all round about him .
109 : 25 I became also a reproach unto them : when they looked upon me they shaked their heads .
The doors of the two rooms were just opposite each other .
" Do you know Miss Bates ' s niece ?
Her own attachment had really subsided into a mere nothing ; it was not worth thinking of ;-- but if he , who had undoubtedly been always so much the most in love of the two , were to be returning with the same warmth of sentiment which he had taken away , it would be very distressing .
before Zerubbabel thou shalt become a plain : and he shall bring forth the headstone thereof with shoutings , crying , Grace , grace unto it .
5 : 8 For he said unto him , Come out of the man , thou unclean spirit .
There was little sympathy to be spared for any body else .
14 : 17 And in the evening he cometh with the twelve .
4 : 19 The woman saith unto him , Sir , I perceive that thou art a prophet .
Lucy came very shortly to claim Elinor ' s compassion on being unable to see Edward , though he had arrived in town with Mr . and Mrs . Dashwood .
46 : 22 In the four corners of the court there were courts joined of forty cubits long and thirty broad : these four corners were of one measure .
let him also go and return unto his house , lest he die in the battle , and another man eat of it .
the good Bateses -- I am quite ashamed of myself -- but you mention them in most of your letters .
With such encouragement as this , was she dismissed on the present occasion , to her brother ' s carriage ; which they were ready to enter five minutes after it stopped at the door , a punctuality not very agreeable to their sister - in - law , who had preceded them to the house of her acquaintance , and was there hoping for some delay on their part that might inconvenience either herself or her coachman .
1 : 9 I John , who also am your brother , and companion in tribulation , and in the kingdom and patience of Jesus Christ , was in the isle that is called Patmos , for the word of God , and for the testimony of Jesus Christ .
17 : 18 What can David speak more to thee for the honour of thy servant ?
31 : 17 Then Jacob rose up , and set his sons and his wives upon camels ; 31 : 18 And he carried away all his cattle , and all his goods which he had gotten , the cattle of his getting , which he had gotten in Padanaram , for to go to Isaac his father in the land of Canaan .
17 : 19 And he said unto her , Give me thy son .
Mrs . Weston looked up , afraid to believe ; but Emma ' s countenance was as steady as her words .
Look !
8 : 8 So then they that are in the flesh cannot please God .
9 : 18 By these three was the third part of men killed , by the fire , and by the smoke , and by the brimstone , which issued out of their mouths .
" Yes , he has been gone just four weeks , as you observe , Miss Woodhouse ," said Miss Bates , " four weeks yesterday .-- A Miss Hawkins !-- Well , I had always rather fancied it would be some young lady hereabouts ; not that I ever -- Mrs . Cole once whispered to me -- but I immediately said , ` No , Mr . Elton is a most worthy young man -- but '-- In short , I do not think I am particularly quick at those sort of discoveries .
" Very true , very true .
" How long has this been known to you , Elinor ?
3 : 1 Now the serpent was more subtil than any beast of the field which the LORD God had made .
9 : 24 Then again called they the man that was blind , and said unto him , Give God the praise : we know that this man is a sinner .
She had , however , one very intimate friend , a sensible , deserving woman , who had been brought , by strong attachment to herself , to settle close by her , in the village of Kellynch ; and on her kindness and advice , Lady Elliot mainly relied for the best help and maintenance of the good principles and instruction which she had been anxiously giving her daughters .
25 : 12 And thou shalt cast four rings of gold for it , and put them in the four corners thereof ; and two rings shall be in the one side of it , and two rings in the other side of it .
3 : 4 For the children of Israel shall abide many days without a king , and without a prince , and without a sacrifice , and without an image , and without an ephod , and without teraphim : 3 : 5 Afterward shall the children of Israel return , and seek the LORD their God , and David their king ; and shall fear the LORD and his goodness in the latter days .
8 : 32 And he said unto them , Go .
assemble yourselves , and let us enter into the defenced cities , and let us be silent there : for the LORD our God hath put us to silence , and given us water of gall to drink , because we have sinned against the LORD .
6 : 17 And these are the golden emerods which the Philistines returned for a trespass offering unto the LORD ; for Ashdod one , for Gaza one , for Askelon one , for Gath one , for Ekron one ; 6 : 18 And the golden mice , according to the number of all the cities of the Philistines belonging to the five lords , both of fenced cities , and of country villages , even unto the great stone of Abel , whereon they set down the ark of the LORD : which stone remaineth unto this day in the field of Joshua , the Bethshemite .
29 : 24 If I laughed on them , they believed it not ; and the light of my countenance they cast not down .
14 : 7 Forty years old was I when Moses the servant of the LORD sent me from Kadeshbarnea to espy out the land ; and I brought him word again as it was in mine heart .
She was a woman rather of sound than of quick abilities , whose difficulties in coming to any decision in this instance were great , from the opposition of two leading principles .
" My brother and sister have promised us a visit in the spring , or summer at farthest ," continued Mrs . Elton ; " and that will be our time for exploring .
I hardly ever get a letter ."
" It is over !
you amuse me excessively .
31 : 12 And the LORD spake unto Moses , saying , 31 : 13 Speak thou also unto the children of Israel , saying , Verily my sabbaths ye shall keep : for it is a sign between me and you throughout your generations ; that ye may know that I am the LORD that doth sanctify you .
14 : 17 For thou verily givest thanks well , but the other is not edified .
17 : 20 O LORD , there is none like thee , neither is there any God beside thee , according to all that we have heard with our ears .
1 : 7 Jerusalem remembered in the days of her affliction and of her miseries all her pleasant things that she had in the days of old , when her people fell into the hand of the enemy , and none did help her : the adversaries saw her , and did mock at her sabbaths .
You saw what she said .
11 : 16 And after them out of all the tribes of Israel such as set their hearts to seek the LORD God of Israel came to Jerusalem , to sacrifice unto the LORD God of their fathers .
14 : 14 And I looked , and behold a white cloud , and upon the cloud one sat like unto the Son of man , having on his head a golden crown , and in his hand a sharp sickle .
" What did you hear ?"
50 : 25 And Joseph took an oath of the children of Israel , saying , God will surely visit you , and ye shall carry up my bones from hence .
The carriage -- we had disappointments about the carriage ;-- one morning , I remember , he came to me quite in despair ."
" Did not you hear him complain of the rheumatism ?
40 : 3 Then Job answered the LORD , and said , 40 : 4 Behold , I am vile ; what shall I answer thee ?
or wilt thou leave thy labour to him ?
" Miss Dashwood ," cried Willoughby , " you are now using me unkindly .
4 : 25 And Judah and Israel dwelt safely , every man under his vine and under his fig tree , from Dan even to Beersheba , all the days of Solomon .
But it seemed to satisfy Lucy , for she directly replied ,
11 : 3 And he had seven hundred wives , princesses , and three hundred concubines : and his wives turned away his heart .
He did consent .
10 : 13 And there came a voice to him , Rise , Peter ; kill , and eat .
19 : 27 Then saith he to the disciple , Behold thy mother !
15 : 3 And I will appoint over them four kinds , saith the LORD : the sword to slay , and the dogs to tear , and the fowls of the heaven , and the beasts of the earth , to devour and destroy .
18 : 27 And they took the things which Micah had made , and the priest which he had , and came unto Laish , unto a people that were at quiet and secure : and they smote them with the edge of the sword , and burnt the city with fire .
Her fancy was very active .
Edward have got some business at Oxford , he says ; so he must go there for a time ; and after THAT , as soon as he can light upon a Bishop , he will be ordained .
20 : 39 As for you , O house of Israel , thus saith the Lord GOD ; Go ye , serve ye every one his idols , and hereafter also , if ye will not hearken unto me : but pollute ye my holy name no more with your gifts , and with your idols .
14 : 5 There were they in great fear : for God is in the generation of the righteous .
for ye lade men with burdens grievous to be borne , and ye yourselves touch not the burdens with one of your fingers .
20 : 18 Every purpose is established by counsel : and with good advice make war .
29 : 2 And he did that which was right in the sight of the LORD , according to all that David his father had done .
17 : 17 And yet this was a small thing in thine eyes , O God ; for thou hast also spoken of thy servant ' s house for a great while to come , and hast regarded me according to the estate of a man of high degree , O LORD God .
The Book of Judges
27 : 15 And on the other side shall be hangings fifteen cubits : their pillars three , and their sockets three .
They were sneering and negligent .
1 : 20 And I said unto you , Ye are come unto the mountain of the Amorites , which the LORD our God doth give unto us .
35 : 19 Let not them that are mine enemies wrongfully rejoice over me : neither let them wink with the eye that hate me without a cause .
16 : 7 Then said he to another , And how much owest thou ?
he hath both spoken unto me , and himself hath done it : I shall go softly all my years in the bitterness of my soul .
17 : 12 But Moses hands were heavy ; and they took a stone , and put it under him , and he sat thereon ; and Aaron and Hur stayed up his hands , the one on the one side , and the other on the other side ; and his hands were steady until the going down of the sun .
3 : 6 And Joshua spake unto the priests , saying , Take up the ark of the covenant , and pass over before the people .
2 : 20 And the shepherds returned , glorifying and praising God for all the things that they had heard and seen , as it was told unto them .
" That is as formidable an image as you could present , Harriet ; and if I thought I should ever be like Miss Bates !
for the king doth speak this thing as one which is faulty , in that the king doth not fetch home again his banished .
9 : 17 The wicked shall be turned into hell , and all the nations that forget God .
Your sister is certainly better , certainly out of danger ?"
As for Lucy Steele , she considered her so totally unamiable , so absolutely incapable of attaching a sensible man , that she could not be persuaded at first to believe , and afterwards to pardon , any former affection of Edward for her .
I the LORD , the first , and with the last ; I am he .
36 : 23 And I will sanctify my great name , which was profaned among the heathen , which ye have profaned in the midst of them ; and the heathen shall know that I am the LORD , saith the Lord GOD , when I shall be sanctified in you before their eyes .
9 : 12 And they said , It is false ; tell us now .
I have known a face not materially disfigured by a few , but he abominates them .
25 : 6 And it shall be , that the firstborn which she beareth shall succeed in the name of his brother which is dead , that his name be not put out of Israel .
9 : 18 But the Jews did not believe concerning him , that he had been blind , and received his sight , until they called the parents of him that had received his sight .
4 : 11 Now also many nations are gathered against thee , that say , Let her be defiled , and let our eye look upon Zion .
13 : 17 Likewise , thou son of man , set thy face against the daughters of thy people , which prophesy out of their own heart ; and prophesy thou against them , 13 : 18 And say , Thus saith the Lord GOD ; Woe to the women that sew pillows to all armholes , and make kerchiefs upon the head of every stature to hunt souls !
25 : 8 Ask thy young men , and they will shew thee .
36 : 16 Now it came to pass , when they had heard all the words , they were afraid both one and other , and said unto Baruch , We will surely tell the king of all these words .
6 : 5 For they came up with their cattle and their tents , and they came as grasshoppers for multitude ; for both they and their camels were without number : and they entered into the land to destroy it .
21 : 10 Which the children of Aaron , being of the families of the Kohathites , who were of the children of Levi , had : for theirs was the first lot .
This Emma felt was aimed at her ; and it made her quite angry .
126 : 6 He that goeth forth and weepeth , bearing precious seed , shall doubtless come again with rejoicing , bringing his sheaves with him .
5 : 13 And he put forth his hand , and touched him , saying , I will : be thou clean .
14 : 22 Likewise all the men of Israel which had hid themselves in mount Ephraim , when they heard that the Philistines fled , even they also followed hard after them in the battle .
And unto thee shall be his desire , and thou shalt rule over him .
32 : 8 But there is a spirit in man : and the inspiration of the Almighty giveth them understanding .
The second pillar also and the pomegranates were like unto these .
care not for it : but if thou mayest be made free , use it rather .
23 : 32 And he did that which was evil in the sight of the LORD , according to all that his fathers had done .
And he touched his ear , and healed him .
" Are you sure ?
On what wings dare he aspire ?
34 : 31 And they said , Should he deal with our sister as with an harlot ?
48 : 18 And Joseph said unto his father , Not so , my father : for this is the firstborn ; put thy right hand upon his head .
9 : 8 But when the multitudes saw it , they marvelled , and glorified God , which had given such power unto men .
Elinor had heard enough , if not to gratify her vanity , and raise her self - importance , to agitate her nerves and fill her mind ;-- and she was therefore glad to be spared from the necessity of saying much in reply herself , and from the danger of hearing any thing more from her brother , by the entrance of Mr . Robert Ferrars .
30 : 10 Accuse not a servant unto his master , lest he curse thee , and thou be found guilty .
It was a fine family - piece .
2 : 16 Thou art filled with shame for glory : drink thou also , and let thy foreskin be uncovered : the cup of the LORD ' s right hand shall be turned unto thee , and shameful spewing shall be on thy glory .
3 : 11 He hath made every thing beautiful in his time : also he hath set the world in their heart , so that no man can find out the work that God maketh from the beginning to the end .
His aunt could not bear to have him leave her .
How well you put it on !-- so gratified !
So he arose , and went to Hebron .
6 : 12 And Moses spake before the LORD , saying , Behold , the children of Israel have not hearkened unto me ; how then shall Pharaoh hear me , who am of uncircumcised lips ?
The interest with which she thus anticipated the party , was soon afterwards increased , more powerfully than pleasantly , by her hearing that the Miss Steeles were also to be at it .
She considered -- resolved -- and , trying to smile , began --
145 : 6 And men shall speak of the might of thy terrible acts : and I will declare thy greatness .
" It will be natural for me ," he added shortly afterwards , " to speak my opinion aloud as I read .
At last , and tolerably in his usual tone , he said ,
44 : 5 One shall say , I am the LORD ' s ; and another shall call himself by the name of Jacob ; and another shall subscribe with his hand unto the LORD , and surname himself by the name of Israel .
and so imperfectly have I discharged my trust !"
3 : 20 Children , obey your parents in all things : for this is well pleasing unto the Lord .
and then he will spoil his house .
19 : 12 Ye are my brethren , ye are my bones and my flesh : wherefore then are ye the last to bring back the king ?
said Marianne , " money can only give happiness where there is nothing else to give it .
20 : 5 And wherefore have ye made us to come up out of Egypt , to bring us in unto this evil place ?
4 : 22 And Solomon ' s provision for one day was thirty measures of fine flour , and threescore measures of meal , 4 : 23 Ten fat oxen , and twenty oxen out of the pastures , and an hundred sheep , beside harts , and roebucks , and fallowdeer , and fatted fowl .
80 : 9 Thou preparedst room before it , and didst cause it to take deep root , and it filled the land .
papa -- that is what you never have been able to accomplish , and I do not think you ever will .
" I only wish ," replied her sister , " there were any thing I COULD do , which might be of comfort to you ."
4 : 11 And he gave some , apostles ; and some , prophets ; and some , evangelists ; and some , pastors and teachers ; 4 : 12 For the perfecting of the saints , for the work of the ministry , for the edifying of the body of Christ : 4 : 13 Till we all come in the unity of the faith , and of the knowledge of the Son of God , unto a perfect man , unto the measure of the stature of the fulness of Christ : 4 : 14 That we henceforth be no more children , tossed to and fro , and carried about with every wind of doctrine , by the sleight of men , and cunning craftiness , whereby they lie in wait to deceive ; 4 : 15 But speaking the truth in love , may grow up into him in all things , which is the head , even Christ : 4 : 16 From whom the whole body fitly joined together and compacted by that which every joint supplieth , according to the effectual working in the measure of every part , maketh increase of the body unto the edifying of itself in love .
Mr . Weston , I could not have believed it of you !"
Her attachment and regrets had , for a long time , clouded every enjoyment of youth , and an early loss of bloom and spirits had been their lasting effect .
16 : 21 The salutation of me Paul with mine own hand .
46 : 13 And the sons of Issachar ; Tola , and Phuvah , and Job , and Shimron .
4 : 14 And Jesus returned in the power of the Spirit into Galilee : and there went out a fame of him through all the region round about .
8 : 4 And he built Tadmor in the wilderness , and all the store cities , which he built in Hamath .
She had been at Bath the year before , and Lady Russell had heard her spoken of as a charming woman .
And Jotham the king ' s son was over the house , judging the people of the land .
" But if you write a note to the housekeeper , Mr . Brandon ," said Marianne , eagerly , " will it not be sufficient ?"
In that , he could not be defended ; but if he had injured her , how much more had he injured himself ; if her case were pitiable , his was hopeless .
He looked at her with a smile , and a little motion of the head , which expressed , " Come to me , I have something to say ;" and the unaffected , easy kindness of manner which denoted the feelings of an older acquaintance than he really was , strongly enforced the invitation .
19 : 11 And as they heard these things , he added and spake a parable , because he was nigh to Jerusalem , and because they thought that the kingdom of God should immediately appear .
3 : 16 Nevertheless , whereto we have already attained , let us walk by the same rule , let us mind the same thing .
Marianne seemed much struck .
Mr . Woodhouse hesitated .--" Not near so often , my dear , as I could wish ."
16 : 12 It may be that the LORD will look on mine affliction , and that the LORD will requite me good for his cursing this day .
27 : 22 Though thou shouldest bray a fool in a mortar among wheat with a pestle , yet will not his foolishness depart from him .
Elinor , while she waited in silence and immovable gravity , the conclusion of such folly , could not restrain her eyes from being fixed on him with a look that spoke all the contempt it excited .
I am every instant hearing something which overpowers me .
However , I think it answered so far as to tempt one to go again .
21 : 15 And the water was spent in the bottle , and she cast the child under one of the shrubs .
22 : 9 Then answered Doeg the Edomite , which was set over the servants of Saul , and said , I saw the son of Jesse coming to Nob , to Ahimelech the son of Ahitub .
11 : 1 But king Solomon loved many strange women , together with the daughter of Pharaoh , women of the Moabites , Ammonites , Edomites , Zidonians , and Hittites : 11 : 2 Of the nations concerning which the LORD said unto the children of Israel , Ye shall not go in to them , neither shall they come in unto you : for surely they will turn away your heart after their gods : Solomon clave unto these in love .
36 : 8 Now the rest of the acts of Jehoiakim , and his abominations which he did , and that which was found in him , behold , they are written in the book of the kings of Israel and Judah : and Jehoiachin his son reigned in his stead .
She had never seen Frank Churchill so silent and stupid .
He was sitting in an attitude of deep meditation , and seemed not to hear her .
19 : 17 And this was known to all the Jews and Greeks also dwelling at Ephesus ; and fear fell on them all , and the name of the Lord Jesus was magnified .
To satisfy me , those characters must be united .
He had given it , he could assure her , very long and calm consideration ; he had been walking away from William Larkins the whole morning , to have his thoughts to himself .
Then am I A happy fly , If I live , Or if I die .
The grass withereth , and the flower thereof falleth away : 1 : 25 But the word of the Lord endureth for ever .
In Lady Russell ' s view , it was perfectly natural that Mr Elliot , at a mature time of life , should feel it a most desirable object , and what would very generally recommend him among all sensible people , to be on good terms with the head of his family ; the simplest process in the world of time upon a head naturally clear , and only erring in the heyday of youth .
19 : 21 And he returned back from him , and took a yoke of oxen , and slew them , and boiled their flesh with the instruments of the oxen , and gave unto the people , and they did eat .
" Ah !
3 : 21 Therefore let no man glory in men .
Can you think your friend behindhand in these sort of considerations ?
He had just parted from my sister , had seen her leave him in the greatest affliction ; and if he felt obliged , from a fear of offending Mrs . Smith , to resist the temptation of returning here soon , and yet aware that by declining your invitation , by saying that he was going away for some time , he should seem to act an ungenerous , a suspicious part by our family , be might well be embarrassed and disturbed .
23 : 7 And the Levites shall compass the king round about , every man with his weapons in his hand ; and whosoever else cometh into the house , he shall be put to death : but be ye with the king when he cometh in , and when he goeth out .
26 : 17 Eastward were six Levites , northward four a day , southward four a day , and toward Asuppim two and two .
11 : 31 The God and Father of our Lord Jesus Christ , which is blessed for evermore , knoweth that I lie not .
Mary spoke with animation of their meeting with , or rather missing , Mr Elliot so extraordinarily .
5 : 17 All unrighteousness is sin : and there is a sin not unto death .
12 : 11 And it came to pass , when he was come near to enter into Egypt , that he said unto Sarai his wife , Behold now , I know that thou art a fair woman to look upon : 12 : 12 Therefore it shall come to pass , when the Egyptians shall see thee , that they shall say , This is his wife : and they will kill me , but they will save thee alive .
36 : 20 Desire not the night , when people are cut off in their place .
3 : 18 In those days the house of Judah shall walk with the house of Israel , and they shall come together out of the land of the north to the land that I have given for an inheritance unto your fathers .
22 : 3 And Moab was sore afraid of the people , because they were many : and Moab was distressed because of the children of Israel .
5 : 11 And it came to pass , when the priests were come out of the holy place : ( for all the priests that were present were sanctified , and did not then wait by course : 5 : 12 Also the Levites which were the singers , all of them of Asaph , of Heman , of Jeduthun , with their sons and their brethren , being arrayed in white linen , having cymbals and psalteries and harps , stood at the east end of the altar , and with them an hundred and twenty priests sounding with trumpets :) 5 : 13 It came even to pass , as the trumpeters and singers were as one , to make one sound to be heard in praising and thanking the LORD ; and when they lifted up their voice with the trumpets and cymbals and instruments of musick , and praised the LORD , saying , For he is good ; for his mercy endureth for ever : that then the house was filled with a cloud , even the house of the LORD ; 5 : 14 So that the priests could not stand to minister by reason of the cloud : for the glory of the LORD had filled the house of God .
145 : 16 Thou openest thine hand , and satisfiest the desire of every living thing .
29 : 44 And I will sanctify the tabernacle of the congregation , and the altar : I will sanctify also both Aaron and his sons , to minister to me in the priest ' s office .
" Of all horrid things , leave - taking is the worst ."
2 : 14 For when the Gentiles , which have not the law , do by nature the things contained in the law , these , having not the law , are a law unto themselves : 2 : 15 Which shew the work of the law written in their hearts , their conscience also bearing witness , and their thoughts the mean while accusing or else excusing one another ;) 2 : 16 In the day when God shall judge the secrets of men by Jesus Christ according to my gospel .
now therefore consider what ye have to do .
15 : 6 Then the Philistines said , Who hath done this ?
6 : 6 And these words , which I command thee this day , shall be in thine heart : 6 : 7 And thou shalt teach them diligently unto thy children , and shalt talk of them when thou sittest in thine house , and when thou walkest by the way , and when thou liest down , and when thou risest up .
The hardness of the pavement for her feet , made him less willing upon the present occasion ; he did it , however .
28 : 17 Cursed shall be thy basket and thy store .
6 : 15 When Jesus therefore perceived that they would come and take him by force , to make him a king , he departed again into a mountain himself alone .
She had seen him .
Mrs . Dashwood had never been so much pleased with any young women in her life , as she was with them ; had given each of them a needle book made by some emigrant ; called Lucy by her Christian name ; and did not know whether she should ever be able to part with them .
' My dear Courtland ,' said I , immediately throwing them all into the fire , ' do not adopt either of them , but by all means build a cottage .'
49 : 7 Cursed be their anger , for it was fierce ; and their wrath , for it was cruel : I will divide them in Jacob , and scatter them in Israel .
Their affection and pleasure in meeting was just enough to make a very creditable appearance in Mr . Gray ' s shop .
16 : 28 Give unto the LORD , ye kindreds of the people , give unto the LORD glory and strength .
12 : 9 And he said unto me , My grace is sufficient for thee : for my strength is made perfect in weakness .
1 : 38 But Joshua the son of Nun , which standeth before thee , he shall go in thither : encourage him : for he shall cause Israel to inherit it .
13 : 10 And Lot lifted up his eyes , and beheld all the plain of Jordan , that it was well watered every where , before the LORD destroyed Sodom and Gomorrah , even as the garden of the LORD , like the land of Egypt , as thou comest unto Zoar .
7 : 16 For now have I chosen and sanctified this house , that my name may be there for ever : and mine eyes and mine heart shall be there perpetually .
106 : 34 They did not destroy the nations , concerning whom the LORD commanded them :
20 : 9 And Jonathan said , Far be it from thee : for if I knew certainly that evil were determined by my father to come upon thee , then would not I tell it thee ?
have I not seen Jesus Christ our Lord ?
It was broken by Lucy , who renewed the subject again by saying , with some hesitation ,
26 : 1 And it came to pass in the eleventh year , in the first day of the month , that the word of the LORD came unto me , saying , 26 : 2 Son of man , because that Tyrus hath said against Jerusalem , Aha , she is broken that was the gates of the people : she is turned unto me : I shall be replenished , now she is laid waste : 26 : 3 Therefore thus saith the Lord GOD ; Behold , I am against thee , O Tyrus , and will cause many nations to come up against thee , as the sea causeth his waves to come up .
Emma could not but feel all this ; and then , her face -- her features -- there was more beauty in them altogether than she had remembered ; it was not regular , but it was very pleasing beauty .
19 : 32 Now Barzillai was a very aged man , even fourscore years old : and he had provided the king of sustenance while he lay at Mahanaim ; for he was a very great man .
She needed no time for deliberation or inquiry .
20 : 7 And they answered , that they could not tell whence it was .
Such varieties of human nature as they are in the habit of witnessing !
13 : 16 And he said to the king of Israel , Put thine hand upon the bow .
I should hold myself guilty of greater impropriety in accepting a horse from my brother , than from Willoughby .
20 : 26 And they could not take hold of his words before the people : and they marvelled at his answer , and held their peace .
Anne felt truly obliged to her for such kindness ; and quite as much so for the opportunity it gave her of decidedly saying --
11 : 4 Riches profit not in the day of wrath : but righteousness delivereth from death .
What I thought , what I feared , may be imagined ; and what I suffered too ."
4 : 4 Circumcise yourselves to the LORD , and take away the foreskins of your heart , ye men of Judah and inhabitants of Jerusalem : lest my fury come forth like fire , and burn that none can quench it , because of the evil of your doings .
47 : 9 And Jacob said unto Pharaoh , The days of the years of my pilgrimage are an hundred and thirty years : few and evil have the days of the years of my life been , and have not attained unto the days of the years of the life of my fathers in the days of their pilgrimage .
Mrs . Dashwood first spoke .
23 : 26 Thou blind Pharisee , cleanse first that which is within the cup and platter , that the outside of them may be clean also .
Margaret and I shall be as much benefited by it as yourselves .
These are the sons of Hur , the firstborn of Ephratah , the father of Bethlehem .
7 : 5 Then the king Ahasuerus answered and said unto Esther the queen , Who is he , and where is he , that durst presume in his heart to do so ?
45 : 6 Thy throne , O God , is for ever and ever : the sceptre of thy kingdom is a right sceptre .
17 : 25 O righteous Father , the world hath not known thee : but I have known thee , and these have known that thou hast sent me .
A circumstance to interest her .
" You like it , my Emma , as little as I feared .-- I wish our opinions were the same .
" You will stay , I am sure ; you will stay and nurse her ;" cried he , turning to her and speaking with a glow , and yet a gentleness , which seemed almost restoring the past .
14 : 3 For Moses had given the inheritance of two tribes and an half tribe on the other side Jordan : but unto the Levites he gave none inheritance among them .
126 : 2 Then was our mouth filled with laughter , and our tongue with singing : then said they among the heathen , The LORD hath done great things for them .
5 : 15 Lo , I will bring a nation upon you from far , O house of Israel , saith the LORD : it is a mighty nation , it is an ancient nation , a nation whose language thou knowest not , neither understandest what they say .
6 : 3 Hear therefore , O Israel , and observe to do it ; that it may be well with thee , and that ye may increase mightily , as the LORD God of thy fathers hath promised thee , in the land that floweth with milk and honey .
As the LORD liveth , ye are worthy to die , because ye have not kept your master , the LORD ' s anointed .
Bates ?"
A sensible man , and he had looked like a very sensible man , why should it be an object to him ?
15 : 5 And after that I looked , and , behold , the temple of the tabernacle of the testimony in heaven was opened : 15 : 6 And the seven angels came out of the temple , having the seven plagues , clothed in pure and white linen , and having their breasts girded with golden girdles .
Do you really think it a bad thing ?-- why so ?"
" Oh !
" You must not talk so , Marianne .
73 : 11 And they say , How doth God know ?
23 : 1 Then spake Jesus to the multitude , and to his disciples , 23 : 2 Saying The scribes and the Pharisees sit in Moses ' seat : 23 : 3 All therefore whatsoever they bid you observe , that observe and do ; but do not ye after their works : for they say , and do not .
She was his object , and every body must perceive it .
20 : 15 And whosoever was not found written in the book of life was cast into the lake of fire .
or with what comparison shall we compare it ?
62 : 4 They only consult to cast him down from his excellency : they delight in lies : they bless with their mouth , but they curse inwardly .
what dread grasp Dare its deadly terrors clasp ?
In his arms he bore Her , armed with sorrow sore ; Till before their way A couching lion lay .
There he had seen everything to exalt in his estimation the woman he had lost ; and there begun to deplore the pride , the folly , the madness of resentment , which had kept him from trying to regain her when thrown in his way .
26 : 1 And it came to pass , when Jesus had finished all these sayings , he said unto his disciples , 26 : 2 Ye know that after two days is the feast of the passover , and the Son of man is betrayed to be crucified .
1 : 3 So Solomon , and all the congregation with him , went to the high place that was at Gibeon ; for there was the tabernacle of the congregation of God , which Moses the servant of the LORD had made in the wilderness .
cried Marianne , stepping hastily forward .
He had never indulged much hope , he had now none , of ever reading her name in any other page of his favourite work .
While we were together , you know , there was nothing to be feared .
27 : 3 Of the children of Perez was the chief of all the captains of the host for the first month .
I wonder who the friend was -- and who could be the young lady .
It is the fault of her face that she has them not ."
14 : 1 And it came to pass in the days of Amraphel king of Shinar , Arioch king of Ellasar , Chedorlaomer king of Elam , and Tidal king of nations ; 14 : 2 That these made war with Bera king of Sodom , and with Birsha king of Gomorrah , Shinab king of Admah , and Shemeber king of Zeboiim , and the king of Bela , which is Zoar .
5 : 11 And Solomon gave Hiram twenty thousand measures of wheat for food to his household , and twenty measures of pure oil : thus gave Solomon to Hiram year by year .
" Marianne is not well ," said she .
29 : 20 And David said to all the congregation , Now bless the LORD your God .
Surely , had I sent thee to them , they would have hearkened unto thee .
8 : 2 For the law of the Spirit of life in Christ Jesus hath made me free from the law of sin and death .
7 : 3 Now is the end come upon thee , and I will send mine anger upon thee , and will judge thee according to thy ways , and will recompense upon thee all thine abominations .
But he was careless and immethodical , like other men , about those things ; and when I came to examine his papers , I found it with others still more trivial , from different people scattered here and there , while many letters and memorandums of real importance had been destroyed .
18 : 24 And a certain Jew named Apollos , born at Alexandria , an eloquent man , and mighty in the scriptures , came to Ephesus .
4 : 5 And it came to pass on the morrow , that their rulers , and elders , and scribes , 4 : 6 And Annas the high priest , and Caiaphas , and John , and Alexander , and as many as were of the kindred of the high priest , were gathered together at Jerusalem .
10 : 6 I will send him against an hypocritical nation , and against the people of my wrath will I give him a charge , to take the spoil , and to take the prey , and to tread them down like the mire of the streets .
Mrs . Dashwood and Elinor then followed , and the others were left by themselves , to talk of the travellers , and feel their own dullness , till Mrs . Jennings was summoned to her chaise to take comfort in the gossip of her maid for the loss of her two young companions ; and Colonel Brandon immediately afterwards took his solitary way to Delaford .
11 : 24 And Pethahiah the son of Meshezabeel , of the children of Zerah the son of Judah , was at the king ' s hand in all matters concerning the people .
is he not also of the Gentiles ?
10 : 7 And the anger of the LORD was hot against Israel , and he sold them into the hands of the Philistines , and into the hands of the children of Ammon .
or despise ye the church of God , and shame them that have not ?
While they are with us , we shall explore a great deal , I dare say .
And he answered , Thou .
3 : 7 And the eyes of them both were opened , and they knew that they were naked ; and they sewed fig leaves together , and made themselves aprons .
They ought to feel what is due to you as my sister .
The Palmers were to remove to Cleveland about the end of March , for the Easter holidays ; and Mrs . Jennings , with both her friends , received a very warm invitation from Charlotte to go with them .
9 : 10 The fear of the LORD is the beginning of wisdom : and the knowledge of the holy is understanding .
Yes , we DO know it all .
I love to rise on a summer morn , When birds are singing on every tree ; The distant huntsman winds his horn , And the skylark sings with me : Oh what sweet company !
" Yes , and Miss Atkinson , who dined with him once at the Wallises , says he is the most agreeable man she ever was in company with ."
7 : 48 Howbeit the most High dwelleth not in temples made with hands ; as saith the prophet , 7 : 49 Heaven is my throne , and earth is my footstool : what house will ye build me ?
105 : 4 Seek the LORD , and his strength : seek his face evermore .
Mrs . Weston was the object of a regard which had its basis in gratitude and esteem .
16 : 31 And it came to pass , as he had made an end of speaking all these words , that the ground clave asunder that was under them : 16 : 32 And the earth opened her mouth , and swallowed them up , and their houses , and all the men that appertained unto Korah , and all their goods .
You can borrow Mrs . Cole ' s .
Elinor said no more .
26 : 8 He shall slay with the sword thy daughters in the field : and he shall make a fort against thee , and cast a mount against thee , and lift up the buckler against thee .
19 : 28 And when they heard these sayings , they were full of wrath , and cried out , saying , Great is Diana of the Ephesians .
10 : 36 And he said unto them , What would ye that I should do for you ?
29 : 25 And the LORD magnified Solomon exceedingly in the sight of all Israel , and bestowed upon him such royal majesty as had not been on any king before him in Israel .
" Oh !
There was no denying that those brothers had penetration .
23 : 9 Nevertheless the priests of the high places came not up to the altar of the LORD in Jerusalem , but they did eat of the unleavened bread among their brethren .
Must go and speak to Dr . and Mrs . Hughes for a moment .-- How do you do ?
46 : 10 And the prince in the midst of them , when they go in , shall go in ; and when they go forth , shall go forth .
12 : 14 Then the Pharisees went out , and held a council against him , how they might destroy him .
7 : 11 Come , my beloved , let us go forth into the field ; let us lodge in the villages .
12 : 5 And ye have forgotten the exhortation which speaketh unto you as unto children , My son , despise not thou the chastening of the Lord , nor faint when thou art rebuked of him : 12 : 6 For whom the Lord loveth he chasteneth , and scourgeth every son whom he receiveth .
It was quite a sudden thing our coming at all , and I knew nothing of it till the carriage was coming to the door , and then Mr . Palmer asked me if I would go with him to Barton .
He defended himself ; though professing that he would never willingly admit any ladies on board a ship of his , excepting for a ball , or a visit , which a few hours might comprehend .
7 : 20 I have sinned ; what shall I do unto thee , O thou preserver of men ?
Mrs . Weston had been shewing them all to him , and now he would shew them all to Emma ;-- fortunate in having no other resemblance to a child , than in a total want of taste for what he saw , for he was slow , constant , and methodical .-- Before this second looking over was begun , however , Emma walked into the hall for the sake of a few moments ' free observation of the entrance and ground - plot of the house -- and was hardly there , when Jane Fairfax appeared , coming quickly in from the garden , and with a look of escape .-- Little expecting to meet Miss Woodhouse so soon , there was a start at first ; but Miss Woodhouse was the very person she was in quest of .
turn thee yet again , and thou shalt see greater abominations than these .
" I assure you it is not in my power ."
1 : 34 Then said Mary unto the angel , How shall this be , seeing I know not a man ?
4 : 15 And he shall be unto thee a restorer of thy life , and a nourisher of thine old age : for thy daughter in law , which loveth thee , which is better to thee than seven sons , hath born him .
" How often we shall be going to see them , and they coming to see us !-- We shall be always meeting !
" I shall not scold you .
She might have been absolutely rich and perfectly healthy , and yet be happy .
8 : 21 And the Levites were purified , and they washed their clothes ; and Aaron offered them as an offering before the LORD ; and Aaron made an atonement for them to cleanse them .
And he answered , Behold thy servant !
36 : 25 Nevertheless Elnathan and Delaiah and Gemariah had made intercession to the king that he would not burn the roll : but he would not hear them .
Anne gave her credit , indeed , for feelings of great consideration towards herself , in all that related to Kellynch , and it pleased her : especially , as she had satisfied herself in the very first half minute , in the instant even of introduction , that there was not the smallest symptom of any knowledge or suspicion on Mrs Croft ' s side , to give a bias of any sort .
Here Mr . Weston joined them , and on hearing what was proposed , gave it his decided approbation .
and I said , Thou shalt call me , My father ; and shalt not turn away from me .
" Who told you that Mr . Ferrars was married , Thomas ?"
21 : 7 And Jezebel his wife said unto him , Dost thou now govern the kingdom of Israel ?
And he said unto me , I am Jesus of Nazareth , whom thou persecutest .
15 : 24 Forasmuch as we have heard , that certain which went out from us have troubled you with words , subverting your souls , saying , Ye must be circumcised , and keep the law : to whom we gave no such commandment : 15 : 25 It seemed good unto us , being assembled with one accord , to send chosen men unto you with our beloved Barnabas and Paul , 15 : 26 Men that have hazarded their lives for the name of our Lord Jesus Christ .
And Jesus lifted up his eyes , and said , Father , I thank thee that thou hast heard me .
15 : 22 For as in Adam all die , even so in Christ shall all be made alive .
" Not quite .
5 : 3 For I verily , as absent in body , but present in spirit , have judged already , as though I were present , concerning him that hath so done this deed , 5 : 4 In the name of our Lord Jesus Christ , when ye are gathered together , and my spirit , with the power of our Lord Jesus Christ , 5 : 5 To deliver such an one unto Satan for the destruction of the flesh , that the spirit may be saved in the day of the Lord Jesus .
1 : 9 And I spake unto you at that time , saying , I am not able to bear you myself alone : 1 : 10 The LORD your God hath multiplied you , and , behold , ye are this day as the stars of heaven for multitude .
22 : 20 Whereas our substance is not cut down , but the remnant of them the fire consumeth .
She was previously disposed , I believe , to doubt the morality of my conduct in general , and was moreover discontented with the very little attention , the very little portion of my time that I had bestowed on her , in my present visit .
56 : 9 All ye beasts of the field , come to devour , yea , all ye beasts in the forest .
Compare Mr . Martin with either of _them_ .
49 : 14 I have heard a rumour from the LORD , and an ambassador is sent unto the heathen , saying , Gather ye together , and come against her , and rise up to the battle .
28 : 18 Whoso walketh uprightly shall be saved : but he that is perverse in his ways shall fall at once .
We are not all born to be handsome .
therefore the children of men put their trust under the shadow of thy wings .
To provide for her otherwise was out of Colonel Campbell ' s power ; for though his income , by pay and appointments , was handsome , his fortune was moderate and must be all his daughter ' s ; but , by giving her an education , he hoped to be supplying the means of respectable subsistence hereafter .
This is a connexion which offers nothing but good .
5 : 31 But as for thee , stand thou here by me , and I will speak unto thee all the commandments , and the statutes , and the judgments , which thou shalt teach them , that they may do them in the land which I give them to possess it .
and who is there , that , being as I am , would go into the temple to save his life ?
28 : 6 It is a continual burnt offering , which was ordained in mount Sinai for a sweet savour , a sacrifice made by fire unto the LORD .
33 : 55 But if ye will not drive out the inhabitants of the land from before you ; then it shall come to pass , that those which ye let remain of them shall be pricks in your eyes , and thorns in your sides , and shall vex you in the land wherein ye dwell .
They have not seen two such drawing rooms before .
27 : 47 Some of them that stood there , when they heard that , said , This man calleth for Elias .
12 : 21 He poureth contempt upon princes , and weakeneth the strength of the mighty .
The plan had reached this point , when Anne , coming quietly down from Louisa ' s room , could not but hear what followed , for the parlour door was open .
" He is very young to settle ," was Mr . Woodhouse ' s observation .
And the fourth river is Euphrates .
23 : 35 And Jehoiakim gave the silver and the gold to Pharaoh ; but he taxed the land to give the money according to the commandment of Pharaoh : he exacted the silver and the gold of the people of the land , of every one according to his taxation , to give it unto Pharaohnechoh .
2 : 21 And when eight days were accomplished for the circumcising of the child , his name was called JESUS , which was so named of the angel before he was conceived in the womb .
1 : 12 Demetrius hath good report of all men , and of the truth itself : yea , and we also bear record ; and ye know that our record is true .
It was the highest satisfaction to her to believe Captain Wentworth not in the least aware of the pain he was occasioning .
48 : 46 Woe be unto thee , O Moab !
How did you all behave ?
30 : 7 And be not ye like your fathers , and like your brethren , which trespassed against the LORD God of their fathers , who therefore gave them up to desolation , as ye see .
24 : 7 The new wine mourneth , the vine languisheth , all the merryhearted do sigh .
" He did not know what he was talking of , I dare say ; ten to one but he was light - headed at the time .
And he did so .
" It would be unnecessary I am sure , for you to caution Mrs . Palmer and Sir John against ever naming Mr . Willoughby , or making the slightest allusion to what has passed , before my sister .
13 : 10 Thou shalt therefore keep this ordinance in his season from year to year .
` To do the best for himself ,' passed as a duty ."
11 : 36 Then said the Jews , Behold how he loved him !
17 : 19 These waited on the king , beside those whom the king put in the fenced cities throughout all Judah .
Nancy , she fell upon her knees , and cried bitterly ; and your brother , he walked about the room , and said he did not know what to do .
22 : 38 And one washed the chariot in the pool of Samaria ; and the dogs licked up his blood ; and they washed his armour ; according unto the word of the LORD which he spake .
28 : 32 And there shall be an hole in the top of it , in the midst thereof : it shall have a binding of woven work round about the hole of it , as it were the hole of an habergeon , that it be not rent .
6 : 6 And it repented the LORD that he had made man on the earth , and it grieved him at his heart .
And yet here are two gentlemen stuck up in it mightily at their ease , and looking about them at the rocks and mountains , as if they were not to be upset the next moment , which they certainly must be .
35 : 11 But it came to pass , when Nebuchadrezzar king of Babylon came up into the land , that we said , Come , and let us go to Jerusalem for fear of the army of the Chaldeans , and for fear of the army of the Syrians : so we dwell at Jerusalem .
6 : 8 But he knew their thoughts , and said to the man which had the withered hand , Rise up , and stand forth in the midst .
24 : 9 And they made a proclamation through Judah and Jerusalem , to bring in to the LORD the collection that Moses the servant of God laid upon Israel in the wilderness .
50 : 6 I gave my back to the smiters , and my cheeks to them that plucked off the hair : I hid not my face from shame and spitting .
6 : 12 Is my strength the strength of stones ?
That nature had given it in feature could not be unseen by the young woman , nor could her higher powers of mind be unfelt by the parents .
They were permitted to go alone ; and with a cordial nod from one , and a graceful bow from the other , the two gentlemen took leave .
55 : 10 Day and night they go about it upon the walls thereof : mischief also and sorrow are in the midst of it .
18 : 3 And Ahab called Obadiah , which was the governor of his house .
7 : 2 Daniel spake and said , I saw in my vision by night , and , behold , the four winds of the heaven strove upon the great sea .
5 : 10 I have confidence in you through the Lord , that ye will be none otherwise minded : but he that troubleth you shall bear his judgment , whosoever he be .
10 : 10 And I took the little book out of the angel ' s hand , and ate it up ; and it was in my mouth sweet as honey : and as soon as I had eaten it , my belly was bitter .
wilt thou call this a fast , and an acceptable day to the LORD ?
There is always something offensive in the details of cunning .
51 : 12 Restore unto me the joy of thy salvation ; and uphold me with thy free spirit .
" Oh !
42 : 17 And he put them all together into ward three days .
26 : 22 I will also send wild beasts among you , which shall rob you of your children , and destroy your cattle , and make you few in number ; and your high ways shall be desolate .
1 : 19 And they rose up in the morning early , and worshipped before the LORD , and returned , and came to their house to Ramah : and Elkanah knew Hannah his wife ; and the LORD remembered her .
Anne will send for me if anything is the matter ."
In the present instance , this last - arrived lady allowed her fancy to so far outrun truth and probability , that on merely hearing the name of the Miss Dashwoods , and understanding them to be Mr . Dashwood ' s sisters , she immediately concluded them to be staying in Harley Street ; and this misconstruction produced within a day or two afterwards , cards of invitation for them as well as for their brother and sister , to a small musical party at her house .
3 : 13 Only acknowledge thine iniquity , that thou hast transgressed against the LORD thy God , and hast scattered thy ways to the strangers under every green tree , and ye have not obeyed my voice , saith the LORD .
" Reserved !-- how , in what manner ?
110 : 3 Thy people shall be willing in the day of thy power , in the beauties of holiness from the womb of the morning : thou hast the dew of thy youth .
He had intended , on first arriving , to proceed very soon into Shropshire , and visit the brother settled in that country , but the attractions of Uppercross induced him to put this off .
29 : 23 But when he seeth his children , the work of mine hands , in the midst of him , they shall sanctify my name , and sanctify the Holy One of Jacob , and shall fear the God of Israel .
12 : 9 And when they forgat the LORD their God , he sold them into the hand of Sisera , captain of the host of Hazor , and into the hand of the Philistines , and into the hand of the king of Moab , and they fought against them .
14 : 21 He that hath my commandments , and keepeth them , he it is that loveth me : and he that loveth me shall be loved of my Father , and I will love him , and will manifest myself to him .
Such an end of the doleful disappointment of five weeks back !
Thy dream , and the visions of thy head upon thy bed , are these ; 2 : 29 As for thee , O king , thy thoughts came into thy mind upon thy bed , what should come to pass hereafter : and he that revealeth secrets maketh known to thee what shall come to pass .
Marianne ' s feelings did not stop here .
9 : 14 And it was the sabbath day when Jesus made the clay , and opened his eyes .
And a delightful dance it was to be .
40 : 24 Yea , they shall not be planted ; yea , they shall not be sown : yea , their stock shall not take root in the earth : and he shall also blow upon them , and they shall wither , and the whirlwind shall take them away as stubble .
25 : 13 And I will bring upon that land all my words which I have pronounced against it , even all that is written in this book , which Jeremiah hath prophesied against all the nations .
15 : 26 And the superscription of his accusation was written over , THE KING OF THE JEWS .
16 : 8 And they passing by Mysia came down to Troas .
15 : 18 Why is my pain perpetual , and my wound incurable , which refuseth to be healed ?
They would hardly come in their chaise , I think , at that season of the year .
10 : 19 And Israel rebelled against the house of David unto this day .
3 : 29 He that hath the bride is the bridegroom : but the friend of the bridegroom , which standeth and heareth him , rejoiceth greatly because of the bridegroom ' s voice : this my joy therefore is fulfilled .
11 : 8 How shall I give thee up , Ephraim ?
141 : 9 Keep me from the snares which they have laid for me , and the gins of the workers of iniquity .
13 : 26 Men and brethren , children of the stock of Abraham , and whosoever among you feareth God , to you is the word of this salvation sent .
2 : 15 Therefore , brethren , stand fast , and hold the traditions which ye have been taught , whether by word , or our epistle .
8 : 4 Unto you , O men , I call ; and my voice is to the sons of man .
However , she will not find her grandmama at all deafer than she was two years ago ; which is saying a great deal at my mother ' s time of life -- and it really is full two years , you know , since she was here .
6 : 52 The Jews therefore strove among themselves , saying , How can this man give us his flesh to eat ?
" But the letter , Mr . Willoughby , your own letter ; have you any thing to say about that ?"
" But she must not go round by London ," cried Marianne , in the same hurried manner .
" A man cannot be more so ," was his short , full answer .
51 : 3 For I acknowledge my transgressions : and my sin is ever before me .
Was not Esau Jacob ' s brother ?
2 : 8 I will therefore that men pray every where , lifting up holy hands , without wrath and doubting .
Lady Dalrymple and Miss Carteret -- they would soon be innoxious cousins to her .
3 : 58 O LORD , thou hast pleaded the causes of my soul ; thou hast redeemed my life .
For Marianne , however -- in spite of his incivility in surviving her loss -- he always retained that decided regard which interested him in every thing that befell her , and made her his secret standard of perfection in woman ;-- and many a rising beauty would be slighted by him in after - days as bearing no comparison with Mrs . Brandon .
Two or three more of the chosen only were to be admitted to join them , and it was to be done in a quiet , unpretending , elegant way , infinitely superior to the bustle and preparation , the regular eating and drinking , and picnic parade of the Eltons and the Sucklings .
22 : 1 A GOOD name is rather to be chosen than great riches , and loving favour rather than silver and gold .
17 : 7 Now they have known that all things whatsoever thou hast given me are of thee .
86 : 5 For thou , Lord , art good , and ready to forgive ; and plenteous in mercy unto all them that call upon thee .
It was , indeed , so odd ; Harriet ' s behaviour was so extremely odd , that Emma did not know how to understand it .
5 : 20 Wherefore dost thou forget us for ever , and forsake us so long time ?
I could not bear that she should be frightened from the visit by such nonsense .
we looked for peace , and there is no good ; and for the time of healing , and behold trouble !
You , ( to Emma ), I am certain , will never guess .-- I will tell you .-- M .
10 : 10 I will bring them again also out of the land of Egypt , and gather them out of Assyria ; and I will bring them into the land of Gilead and Lebanon ; and place shall not be found for them .
The Crofts who rent Kellynch ?
10 : 14 Go and cry unto the gods which ye have chosen ; let them deliver you in the time of your tribulation .
Her gestures and movements might be understood by any one who looked on like Emma ; but her words , every body ' s words , were soon lost under the incessant flow of Miss Bates , who came in talking , and had not finished her speech under many minutes after her being admitted into the circle at the fire .
28 : 3 The crown of pride , the drunkards of Ephraim , shall be trodden under feet : 28 : 4 And the glorious beauty , which is on the head of the fat valley , shall be a fading flower , and as the hasty fruit before the summer ; which when he that looketh upon it seeth , while it is yet in his hand he eateth it up .
Ay , so it always is , I believe .
" Yes , I saw every note that passed ."
1 : 1 The word of the LORD that came to Joel the son of Pethuel .
48 : 22 There is no peace , saith the LORD , unto the wicked .
15 : 7 Therefore the abundance they have gotten , and that which they have laid up , shall they carry away to the brook of the willows .
He came to the part of the room where the sitters - by were collected , spoke to some , and walked about in front of them , as if to shew his liberty , and his resolution of maintaining it .
22 : 30 And the king of Israel said unto Jehoshaphat , I will disguise myself , and enter into the battle ; but put thou on thy robes .
8 : 5 And when Jesus was entered into Capernaum , there came unto him a centurion , beseeching him , 8 : 6 And saying , Lord , my servant lieth at home sick of the palsy , grievously tormented .
44 : 6 Wherefore my fury and mine anger was poured forth , and was kindled in the cities of Judah and in the streets of Jerusalem ; and they are wasted and desolate , as at this day .
8 : 19 And he said , Behold , I will make thee know what shall be in the last end of the indignation : for at the time appointed the end shall be .
I dream of every body at Highbury when I am away -- and when I have gone through my particular friends , then I begin dreaming of Mr . and Mrs .
And with a quivering lip he wound up the whole by adding , " Poor Fanny !
2 : 50 These were the sons of Caleb the son of Hur , the firstborn of Ephratah ; Shobal the father of Kirjathjearim .
7 : 24 And the fat of the beast that dieth of itself , and the fat of that which is torn with beasts , may be used in any other use : but ye shall in no wise eat of it .
31 : 27 She looketh well to the ways of her household , and eateth not the bread of idleness .
10 : 4 And when the queen of Sheba had seen all Solomon ' s wisdom , and the house that he had built , 10 : 5 And the meat of his table , and the sitting of his servants , and the attendance of his ministers , and their apparel , and his cupbearers , and his ascent by which he went up unto the house of the LORD ; there was no more spirit in her .
She might in time regain tranquillity ; but HE , what had he to look forward to ?
3 : 41 Let us lift up our heart with our hands unto God in the heavens .
He joined them ; but , as if irresolute whether to join or to pass on , said nothing , only looked .
12 : 17 And ye shall observe the feast of unleavened bread ; for in this selfsame day have I brought your armies out of the land of Egypt : therefore shall ye observe this day in your generations by an ordinance for ever .
48 : 21 And Israel said unto Joseph , Behold , I die : but God shall be with you , and bring you again unto the land of your fathers .
" It would be a crowd -- a sad crowd ; and what could be worse than dancing without space to turn in ?"
45 : 9 Haste ye , and go up to my father , and say unto him , Thus saith thy son Joseph , God hath made me lord of all Egypt : come down unto me , tarry not : 45 : 10 And thou shalt dwell in the land of Goshen , and thou shalt be near unto me , thou , and thy children , and thy children ' s children , and thy flocks , and thy herds , and all that thou hast : 45 : 11 And there will I nourish thee ; for yet there are five years of famine ; lest thou , and thy household , and all that thou hast , come to poverty .
" My dear Mrs .
Emma saw its artifice , and returned to her first surmises .
If I had my senses about me I might have called in Conduit Street in my way home , and told them of it .
9 : 46 Then there arose a reasoning among them , which of them should be greatest .
34 : 19 And it came to pass , when the king had heard the words of the law , that he rent his clothes .
5 : 31 If I bear witness of myself , my witness is not true .
2 : 36 And it shall come to pass , that every one that is left in thine house shall come and crouch to him for a piece of silver and a morsel of bread , and shall say , Put me , I pray thee , into one of the priests ' offices , that I may eat a piece of bread .
asked Marianne .
For Esaias saith , Lord , who hath believed our report ?
" Can you come to Randalls at any time this morning ?-- Do , if it be possible .
She only consulted Lady Russell , who entered thoroughly into her sentiments , and was most happy to convey her as near to Mrs Smith ' s lodgings in Westgate Buildings , as Anne chose to be taken .
119 : 13 With my lips have I declared all the judgments of thy mouth .
9 : 5 Then king David sent , and fetched him out of the house of Machir , the son of Ammiel , from Lodebar .
CHAPTER I
My love for Mr . and Mrs . Weston gives me a decided prejudice in his favour ."
Bird ' s delight , Day and night , Nightingale , In the dale , Lark in sky ,-- Merrily , Merrily merrily , to welcome in the year .
28 : 28 The LORD shall smite thee with madness , and blindness , and astonishment of heart : 28 : 29 And thou shalt grope at noonday , as the blind gropeth in darkness , and thou shalt not prosper in thy ways : and thou shalt be only oppressed and spoiled evermore , and no man shall save thee .
10 : 2 And it came to pass , when Jeroboam the son of Nebat , who was in Egypt , whither he fled from the presence of Solomon the king , heard it , that Jeroboam returned out of Egypt .
12 : 25 And Barnabas and Saul returned from Jerusalem , when they had fulfilled their ministry , and took with them John , whose surname was Mark .
Here is the patience and the faith of the saints .
Tell me not that I am too late , that such precious feelings are gone for ever .
The studied indifference , insolence , and discontent of her husband gave her no pain ; and when he scolded or abused her , she was highly diverted .
The man and one of the maids were sent off immediately into Devonshire , to prepare the house for their mistress ' s arrival ; for as Lady Middleton was entirely unknown to Mrs . Dashwood , she preferred going directly to the cottage to being a visitor at Barton Park ; and she relied so undoubtingly on Sir John ' s description of the house , as to feel no curiosity to examine it herself till she entered it as her own .
19 : 1 Then Pilate therefore took Jesus , and scourged him .
22 : 1 And the children of Israel set forward , and pitched in the plains of Moab on this side Jordan by Jericho .
8 : 10 When Jesus had lifted up himself , and saw none but the woman , he said unto her , Woman , where are those thine accusers ?
24 : 23 And he commanded a centurion to keep Paul , and to let him have liberty , and that he should forbid none of his acquaintance to minister or come unto him .
" My dear Miss Elliot !"
10 : 7 As for Samaria , her king is cut off as the foam upon the water .
No rumour of Lucy ' s marriage had yet reached him :-- he knew nothing of what had passed ; and the first hours of his visit were consequently spent in hearing and in wondering .
17 : 10 This is my covenant , which ye shall keep , between me and you and thy seed after thee ; Every man child among you shall be circumcised .
Why Mr . Ferrars was to have been written to about it in such a hurry , she could not immediately comprehend .
15 : 9 And in the twentieth year of Jeroboam king of Israel reigned Asa over Judah .
16 : 29 And Samson took hold of the two middle pillars upon which the house stood , and on which it was borne up , of the one with his right hand , and of the other with his left .
9 : 18 And it came to pass , as he was alone praying , his disciples were with him : and he asked them , saying , Whom say the people that I am ?
21 : 17 And ye shall be hated of all men for my name ' s sake .
10 : 5 There is an evil which I have seen under the sun , as an error which proceedeth from the ruler : 10 : 6 Folly is set in great dignity , and the rich sit in low place .
And he blessed him there .
There is an openness , a quickness , almost a bluntness in Mr . Weston , which every body likes in _him_ , because there is so much good - humour with it -- but that would not do to be copied .
He did not boast , but it naturally betrayed itself , that he had persuaded his aunt where his uncle could do nothing , and on her laughing and noticing it , he owned that he believed ( excepting one or two points ) he could _with_ _time_ persuade her to any thing .
22 : 13 Woe unto him that buildeth his house by unrighteousness , and his chambers by wrong ; that useth his neighbour ' s service without wages , and giveth him not for his work ; 22 : 14 That saith , I will build me a wide house and large chambers , and cutteth him out windows ; and it is cieled with cedar , and painted with vermilion .
4 : 31 And when they had prayed , the place was shaken where they were assembled together ; and they were all filled with the Holy Ghost , and they spake the word of God with boldness .
38 : 12 Hast thou commanded the morning since thy days ; and caused the dayspring to know his place ; 38 : 13 That it might take hold of the ends of the earth , that the wicked might be shaken out of it ?
There are several odd - looking men walking about here , who , I am told , are sailors .
135 : 13 Thy name , O LORD , endureth for ever ; and thy memorial , O LORD , throughout all generations .
2 : 40 And the fourth kingdom shall be strong as iron : forasmuch as iron breaketh in pieces and subdueth all things : and as iron that breaketh all these , shall it break in pieces and bruise .
11 : 15 Now three of the thirty captains went down to the rock to David , into the cave of Adullam ; and the host of the Philistines encamped in the valley of Rephaim .
And they said , Of Haran are we .
26 : 11 But as for me , I will walk in mine integrity : redeem me , and be merciful unto me .
How can you ?-- But the time will come I hope ... I am sure you will like him ."
37 : 17 And the man said , They are departed hence ; for I heard them say , Let us go to Dothan .
10 : 35 And James and John , the sons of Zebedee , come unto him , saying , Master , we would that thou shouldest do for us whatsoever we shall desire .
It was so long since Emma had been at the Abbey , that as soon as she was satisfied of her father ' s comfort , she was glad to leave him , and look around her ; eager to refresh and correct her memory with more particular observation , more exact understanding of a house and grounds which must ever be so interesting to her and all her family .
What is right to be done cannot be done too soon .
And he answered him , Pursue : for thou shalt surely overtake them , and without fail recover all .
and if I give thee counsel , wilt thou not hearken unto me ?
21 : 35 For as a snare shall it come on all them that dwell on the face of the whole earth .
26 : 4 I have not sat with vain persons , neither will I go in with dissemblers .
Tell me how Miss Fairfax is ."
38 : 29 And it came to pass , as he drew back his hand , that , behold , his brother came out : and she said , How hast thou broken forth ?
This was too much .
she is absolutely charming !
" One should be sorry to see greater pride or refinement in the teacher of a school , Harriet .
" No .-- He thinks Marianne ' s affection too deeply rooted for any change in it under a great length of time , and even supposing her heart again free , is too diffident of himself to believe , that with such a difference of age and disposition he could ever attach her .
15 : 9 And he gathered all Judah and Benjamin , and the strangers with them out of Ephraim and Manasseh , and out of Simeon : for they fell to him out of Israel in abundance , when they saw that the LORD his God was with him .
Elinor ' s uneasiness was at least equal to her mother ' s .
62 : 4 Thou shalt no more be termed Forsaken ; neither shall thy land any more be termed Desolate : but thou shalt be called Hephzibah , and thy land Beulah : for the LORD delighteth in thee , and thy land shall be married .
20 : 17 And from Miletus he sent to Ephesus , and called the elders of the church .
14 : 54 This is the law for all manner of plague of leprosy , and scall , 14 : 55 And for the leprosy of a garment , and of a house , 14 : 56 And for a rising , and for a scab , and for a bright spot : 14 : 57 To teach when it is unclean , and when it is clean : this is the law of leprosy .
2 : 25 The children of Kirjatharim , Chephirah , and Beeroth , seven hundred and forty and three .
we shall not die .
1 : 10 Hast not thou made an hedge about him , and about his house , and about all that he hath on every side ?
Do but look , mama , how sweet !
And the people were encamped against Gibbethon , which belonged to the Philistines .
119 : 126 It is time for thee , LORD , to work : for they have made void thy law .
I advise every body who is going to build , to build a cottage .
72 : 7 In his days shall the righteous flourish ; and abundance of peace so long as the moon endureth .
21 : 46 But when they sought to lay hands on him , they feared the multitude , because they took him for a prophet .
But I was really quite shocked the other day -- for Mr . Knightley called one morning , and Jane was eating these apples , and we talked about them and said how much she enjoyed them , and he asked whether we were not got to the end of our stock .
Two minutes after her entering the room , Captain Wentworth said --
91 : 10 There shall no evil befall thee , neither shall any plague come nigh thy dwelling .
2 : 13 For Adam was first formed , then Eve .
15 : 5 And the LORD smote the king , so that he was a leper unto the day of his death , and dwelt in a several house .
24 : 13 And I have given you a land for which ye did not labour , and cities which ye built not , and ye dwell in them ; of the vineyards and oliveyards which ye planted not do ye eat .
4 : 18 Thus Solomon made all these vessels in great abundance : for the weight of the brass could not be found out .
I am delighted to find myself in such a circle .
74 : 13 Thou didst divide the sea by thy strength : thou brakest the heads of the dragons in the waters .
2 : 25 For circumcision verily profiteth , if thou keep the law : but if thou be a breaker of the law , thy circumcision is made uncircumcision .
" As to the circumstances of her birth , though in a legal sense she may be called Nobody , it will not hold in common sense .
39 : 16 And she laid up his garment by her , until his lord came home .
7 : 12 But go ye now unto my place which was in Shiloh , where I set my name at the first , and see what I did to it for the wickedness of my people Israel .
40 : 14 He made also posts of threescore cubits , even unto the post of the court round about the gate .
Henrietta asked him what he thought of you , when they went away , and he said , ` You were so altered he should not have known you again .'"
19 : 13 He hath put my brethren far from me , and mine acquaintance are verily estranged from me .
44 : 26 And after he is cleansed , they shall reckon unto him seven days .
And the wounded of the Philistines fell down by the way to Shaaraim , even unto Gath , and unto Ekron .
10 : 14 Now I am come to make thee understand what shall befall thy people in the latter days : for yet the vision is for many days .
19 : 33 And if a stranger sojourn with thee in your land , ye shall not vex him .
He would not ask Harriet to dance if it were possible to be avoided : she was sure he would not -- and she was expecting him every moment to escape into the card - room .
The scheme had received its first impulse by Captain Harville ' s wanting to come to Bath on business .
7 : 13 So the Philistines were subdued , and they came no more into the coast of Israel : and the hand of the LORD was against the Philistines all the days of Samuel .
13 : 22 And the wild beasts of the islands shall cry in their desolate houses , and dragons in their pleasant palaces : and her time is near to come , and her days shall not be prolonged .
21 : 9 And the LORD spake unto Gad , David ' s seer , saying , 21 : 10 Go and tell David , saying , Thus saith the LORD , I offer thee three things : choose thee one of them , that I may do it unto thee .
These were some of the thoughts which occupied Anne , while her fingers were mechanically at work , proceeding for half an hour together , equally without error , and without consciousness .
8 : 8 Also he sent forth a dove from him , to see if the waters were abated from off the face of the ground ; 8 : 9 But the dove found no rest for the sole of her foot , and she returned unto him into the ark , for the waters were on the face of the whole earth : then he put forth his hand , and took her , and pulled her in unto him into the ark .
48 : 16 The calamity of Moab is near to come , and his affliction hasteth fast .
And Achish said unto David , Know thou assuredly , that thou shalt go out with me to battle , thou and thy men .
It could not be otherwise .
" She thinks herself wrong , then , for having consented to a private engagement ?"
15 : 7 And I will fan them with a fan in the gates of the land ; I will bereave them of children , I will destroy my people since they return not from their ways .
would God I had died for thee , O Absalom , my son , my son !
12 : 14 And the LORD said unto Moses , If her father had but spit in her face , should she not be ashamed seven days ?
1 : 1 The elder unto the wellbeloved Gaius , whom I love in the truth .
Her ' s has been a very short one !
4 : 6 And it came to pass , when the vessels were full , that she said unto her son , Bring me yet a vessel .
9 : 7 Happy are thy men , and happy are these thy servants , which stand continually before thee , and hear thy wisdom .
Two such she did not want .
22 : 32 And it came to pass , when the captains of the chariots saw Jehoshaphat , that they said , Surely it is the king of Israel .
30 : 18 At Tehaphnehes also the day shall be darkened , when I shall break there the yokes of Egypt : and the pomp of her strength shall cease in her : as for her , a cloud shall cover her , and her daughters shall go into captivity .
was thine anger against the rivers ?
Mr . Weston certainly would never marry again .
16 : 5 And entering into the sepulchre , they saw a young man sitting on the right side , clothed in a long white garment ; and they were affrighted .
23 : 23 See therefore , and take knowledge of all the lurking places where he hideth himself , and come ye again to me with the certainty , and I will go with you : and it shall come to pass , if he be in the land , that I will search him out throughout all the thousands of Judah .
" Colonel Brandon !"
30 : 28 And he said , Appoint me thy wages , and I will give it .
dear ; I was so miserable !
Elinor had some difficulty here to refrain from observing , that she thought Fanny might have borne with composure , an acquisition of wealth to her brother , by which neither she nor her child could be possibly impoverished .
29 : 10 And it came to pass , when Jacob saw Rachel the daughter of Laban his mother ' s brother , and the sheep of Laban his mother ' s brother , that Jacob went near , and rolled the stone from the well ' s mouth , and watered the flock of Laban his mother ' s brother .
5 : 24 Some men ' s sins are open beforehand , going before to judgment ; and some men they follow after .
It would be a pity to be divided , and we should be losing Miss Anne , too , if there is a party at her father ' s ; and I am sure neither Henrietta nor I should care at all for the play , if Miss Anne could not be with us ."
I thought you would , he is so pleasant ; and Mr . Palmer is excessively pleased with you and your sisters I can tell you , and you can ' t think how disappointed he will be if you don ' t come to Cleveland .-- I can ' t imagine why you should object to it ."
9 : 11 For by me thy days shall be multiplied , and the years of thy life shall be increased .
119 : 176 I have gone astray like a lost sheep ; seek thy servant ; for I do not forget thy commandments .
18 : 25 With the merciful thou wilt shew thyself merciful ; with an upright man thou wilt shew thyself upright ;
He stopped .
7 : 6 The sons of Benjamin ; Bela , and Becher , and Jediael , three .
6 : 2 I have likened the daughter of Zion to a comely and delicate woman .
7 : 19 So Gideon , and the hundred men that were with him , came unto the outside of the camp in the beginning of the middle watch ; and they had but newly set the watch : and they blew the trumpets , and brake the pitchers that were in their hands .
He that eateth , eateth to the Lord , for he giveth God thanks ; and he that eateth not , to the Lord he eateth not , and giveth God thanks .
Amen .
I have laid down my plan , and if I am capable of adhering to it -- my feelings shall be governed and my temper improved .
It was lower and quicker than ever !
She had had difficulties of every sort to contend with , and in addition to these distresses had been afflicted with a severe rheumatic fever , which , finally settling in her legs , had made her for the present a cripple .
33 : 29 Happy art thou , O Israel : who is like unto thee , O people saved by the LORD , the shield of thy help , and who is the sword of thy excellency !
Who regards me ?"
They had begun to fail him before he entered the house , and they were quite overcome by the captivating manners of Mrs . Dashwood .
Well now , I think we had better turn back ; I am excessively tired ."
then recollecting herself , and not wishing to be answered , she added , " I certainly do think there has been by far too much trouble taken to procure the acquaintance .
49 : 26 And I will feed them that oppress thee with their own flesh ; and they shall be drunken with their own blood , as with sweet wine : and all flesh shall know that I the LORD am thy Saviour and thy Redeemer , the mighty One of Jacob .
38 : 21 For Isaiah had said , Let them take a lump of figs , and lay it for a plaister upon the boil , and he shall recover .
9 : 19 Arise , O LORD ; let not man prevail : let the heathen be judged in thy sight .
4 : 10 Again Esther spake unto Hatach , and gave him commandment unto Mordecai ; 4 : 11 All the king ' s servants , and the people of the king ' s provinces , do know , that whosoever , whether man or women , shall come unto the king into the inner court , who is not called , there is one law of his to put him to death , except such to whom the king shall hold out the golden sceptre , that he may live : but I have not been called to come in unto the king these thirty days .
" You speak very properly .
13 : 2 Lift ye up a banner upon the high mountain , exalt the voice unto them , shake the hand , that they may go into the gates of the nobles .
7 : 10 For godly sorrow worketh repentance to salvation not to be repented of : but the sorrow of the world worketh death .
10 : 3 Then Moses said unto Aaron , This is it that the LORD spake , saying , I will be sanctified in them that come nigh me , and before all the people I will be glorified .
18 : 8 For the battle was there scattered over the face of all the country : and the wood devoured more people that day than the sword devoured .
18 : 9 And Saul eyed David from that day and forward .
The brow of the hill , where they remained , was a cheerful spot : Louisa returned ; and Mary , finding a comfortable seat for herself on the step of a stile , was very well satisfied so long as the others all stood about her ; but when Louisa drew Captain Wentworth away , to try for a gleaning of nuts in an adjoining hedge - row , and they were gone by degrees quite out of sight and sound , Mary was happy no longer ; she quarrelled with her own seat , was sure Louisa had got a much better somewhere , and nothing could prevent her from going to look for a better also .
Mary was in excellent spirits , enjoying the gaiety and the change , and so well satisfied with the journey in her mother - in - law ' s carriage with four horses , and with her own complete independence of Camden Place , that she was exactly in a temper to admire everything as she ought , and enter most readily into all the superiorities of the house , as they were detailed to her .
1 : 16 Is not the meat cut off before our eyes , yea , joy and gladness from the house of our God ?
13 : 9 Simon Peter saith unto him , Lord , not my feet only , but also my hands and my head .
119 : 42 So shall I have wherewith to answer him that reproacheth me : for I trust in thy word .
1 : 2 Reuben , Simeon , Levi , and Judah , 1 : 3 Issachar , Zebulun , and Benjamin , 1 : 4 Dan , and Naphtali , Gad , and Asher .
20 : 12 Moreover also I gave them my sabbaths , to be a sign between me and them , that they might know that I am the LORD that sanctify them .
27 : 23 Be thou diligent to know the state of thy flocks , and look well to thy herds .
No one could dispute her right to come ; the house was her husband ' s from the moment of his father ' s decease ; but the indelicacy of her conduct was so much the greater , and to a woman in Mrs . Dashwood ' s situation , with only common feelings , must have been highly unpleasing ;-- but in HER mind there was a sense of honor so keen , a generosity so romantic , that any offence of the kind , by whomsoever given or received , was to her a source of immoveable disgust .
For all the people wept , when they heard the words of the law .
21 : 1 Now these are the judgments which thou shalt set before them .
32 : 11 Doth not Hezekiah persuade you to give over yourselves to die by famine and by thirst , saying , The LORD our God shall deliver us out of the hand of the king of Assyria ?
I took him as he was sleeping on the sofa , and it is as strong a likeness of his cockade as you would wish to see .
21 : 12 And David went and took the bones of Saul and the bones of Jonathan his son from the men of Jabeshgilead , which had stolen them from the street of Bethshan , where the Philistines had hanged them , when the Philistines had slain Saul in Gilboa : 21 : 13 And he brought up from thence the bones of Saul and the bones of Jonathan his son ; and they gathered the bones of them that were hanged .
2 : 18 Then answered the Jews and said unto him , What sign shewest thou unto us , seeing that thou doest these things ?
All these are the sons of Keturah .
51 : 20 Thy sons have fainted , they lie at the head of all the streets , as a wild bull in a net : they are full of the fury of the LORD , the rebuke of thy God .
" That I am sure you would .
21 : 7 And he set a graven image of the grove that he had made in the house , of which the LORD said to David , and to Solomon his son , In this house , and in Jerusalem , which I have chosen out of all tribes of Israel , will I put my name for ever : 21 : 8 Neither will I make the feet of Israel move any more out of the land which I gave their fathers ; only if they will observe to do according to all that I have commanded them , and according to all the law that my servant Moses commanded them .
-- And Emma distinctly heard him add , in a lower tone , before he quitted the room ,--" I have been as good as my word .
Married women , you know , may be safely authorised .
The First Book of Moses : Called Genesis
6 : 3 Know ye not , that so many of us as were baptized into Jesus Christ were baptized into his death ?
16 : 15 And Hagar bare Abram a son : and Abram called his son ' s name , which Hagar bare , Ishmael .
16 : 12 Salute Tryphena and Tryphosa , who labour in the Lord .
Anne herself was become hardened to such affronts ; but she felt the imprudence of the arrangement quite as keenly as Lady Russell .
27 : 1 Boast not thyself of to morrow ; for thou knowest not what a day may bring forth .
And Gideon arose , and slew Zebah and Zalmunna , and took away the ornaments that were on their camels ' necks .
12 : 4 And she shall then continue in the blood of her purifying three and thirty days ; she shall touch no hallowed thing , nor come into the sanctuary , until the days of her purifying be fulfilled .
Then Shadrach , Meshach , and Abednego , came forth of the midst of the fire .
It had been begun several days back .
29 : 22 After my words they spake not again ; and my speech dropped upon them .
13 : 28 And one of the sons of Joiada , the son of Eliashib the high priest , was son in law to Sanballat the Horonite : therefore I chased him from me .
18 : 11 And the lot of the tribe of the children of Benjamin came up according to their families : and the coast of their lot came forth between the children of Judah and the children of Joseph .
He saw her too ; yet he looked grave , and seemed irresolute , and only by very slow degrees came at last near enough to speak to her .
And when I had heard and seen , I fell down to worship before the feet of the angel which shewed me these things .
But you will not give me your advice , Miss Dashwood ?"
2 : 1 And Hannah prayed , and said , My heart rejoiceth in the LORD , mine horn is exalted in the LORD : my mouth is enlarged over mine enemies ; because I rejoice in thy salvation .
89 : 19 Then thou spakest in vision to thy holy one , and saidst , I have laid help upon one that is mighty ; I have exalted one chosen out of the people .
" Oh !
30 : 6 And if she had at all an husband , when she vowed , or uttered ought out of her lips , wherewith she bound her soul ; 30 : 7 And her husband heard it , and held his peace at her in the day that he heard it : then her vows shall stand , and her bonds wherewith she bound her soul shall stand .
20 : 10 And Benhadad sent unto him , and said , The gods do so unto me , and more also , if the dust of Samaria shall suffice for handfuls for all the people that follow me .
9 : 9 And all the people shall know , even Ephraim and the inhabitant of Samaria , that say in the pride and stoutness of heart , 9 : 10 The bricks are fallen down , but we will build with hewn stones : the sycomores are cut down , but we will change them into cedars .
5 : 19 Think upon me , my God , for good , according to all that I have done for this people .
6 : 3 And ye shall compass the city , all ye men of war , and go round about the city once .
37 : 12 Therefore prophesy and say unto them , Thus saith the Lord GOD ; Behold , O my people , I will open your graves , and cause you to come up out of your graves , and bring you into the land of Israel .
Once she felt that he was looking at herself , observing her altered features , perhaps , trying to trace in them the ruins of the face which had once charmed him ; and once she knew that he must have spoken of her ; she was hardly aware of it , till she heard the answer ; but then she was sure of his having asked his partner whether Miss Elliot never danced ?
5 : 4 And one went in , and told his lord , saying , Thus and thus said the maid that is of the land of Israel .
She felt that half this folly must be drunkenness , and therefore could hope that it might belong only to the passing hour .
14 : 28 In the multitude of people is the king ' s honour : but in the want of people is the destruction of the prince .
I have done with match - making indeed .
While you considered me as having sinned against Emma Woodhouse , I could deserve nothing from either .
29 : 3 Then said the princes of the Philistines , What do these Hebrews here ?
Elinor ' s heart could easily account for his not putting himself forward ; and Mrs . Dashwood probably found the same explanation .
It is so delightful that you should live at the cottage !
Now I cannot say , that I think you are any of you looking well at present ."
2 : 10 When wisdom entereth into thine heart , and knowledge is pleasant unto thy soul ; 2 : 11 Discretion shall preserve thee , understanding shall keep thee : 2 : 12 To deliver thee from the way of the evil man , from the man that speaketh froward things ; 2 : 13 Who leave the paths of uprightness , to walk in the ways of darkness ; 2 : 14 Who rejoice to do evil , and delight in the frowardness of the wicked ; 2 : 15 Whose ways are crooked , and they froward in their paths : 2 : 16 To deliver thee from the strange woman , even from the stranger which flattereth with her words ; 2 : 17 Which forsaketh the guide of her youth , and forgetteth the covenant of her God .
this is the hill which God desireth to dwell in ; yea , the LORD will dwell in it for ever .
5 : 14 For the love of Christ constraineth us ; because we thus judge , that if one died for all , then were all dead : 5 : 15 And that he died for all , that they which live should not henceforth live unto themselves , but unto him which died for them , and rose again .
21 : 19 It is better to dwell in the wilderness , than with a contentious and an angry woman .
1 : 9 And now , I pray you , beseech God that he will be gracious unto us : this hath been by your means : will he regard your persons ?
8 : 13 And when they had set the people , even all the host that was on the north of the city , and their liers in wait on the west of the city , Joshua went that night into the midst of the valley .
12 : 5 Or have ye not read in the law , how that on the sabbath days the priests in the temple profane the sabbath , and are blameless ?
To morrow , said he , thou shalt hear him .
I think not .
39 : 19 And it came to pass , when his master heard the words of his wife , which she spake unto him , saying , After this manner did thy servant to me ; that his wrath was kindled .
2 : 2 So David went up thither , and his two wives also , Ahinoam the Jezreelitess , and Abigail Nabal ' s wife the Carmelite .
8 : 1 And the LORD said unto Joshua , Fear not , neither be thou dismayed : take all the people of war with thee , and arise , go up to Ai : see , I have given into thy hand the king of Ai , and his people , and his city , and his land : 8 : 2 And thou shalt do to Ai and her king as thou didst unto Jericho and her king : only the spoil thereof , and the cattle thereof , shall ye take for a prey unto yourselves : lay thee an ambush for the city behind it .
22 : 2 If a thief be found breaking up , and be smitten that he die , there shall no blood be shed for him .
for this great fire will consume us : if we hear the voice of the LORD our God any more , then we shall die .
21 : 8 If she please not her master , who hath betrothed her to himself , then shall he let her be redeemed : to sell her unto a strange nation he shall have no power , seeing he hath dealt deceitfully with her .
3 : 30 And the chief of the house of the father of the families of the Kohathites shall be Elizaphan the son of Uzziel .
36 : 8 And Baruch the son of Neriah did according to all that Jeremiah the prophet commanded him , reading in the book the words of the LORD in the LORD ' s house .
On another ,
A fine place , but very retired ."
let thine hand , I pray thee , be against me , and against my father ' s house .
Your ideas are only more noble than mine .
25 : 23 And the LORD said unto her , Two nations are in thy womb , and two manner of people shall be separated from thy bowels ; and the one people shall be stronger than the other people ; and the elder shall serve the younger .
There was , at times , a want of spirits about him which , if it did not denote indifference , spoke of something almost as unpromising .
2 : 21 For the upright shall dwell in the land , and the perfect shall remain in it .
Amen .
36 : 36 And he made thereunto four pillars of shittim wood , and overlaid them with gold : their hooks were of gold ; and he cast for them four sockets of silver .
7 : 24 And the ten horns out of this kingdom are ten kings that shall arise : and another shall rise after them ; and he shall be diverse from the first , and he shall subdue three kings .
4 : 10 And when he was alone , they that were about him with the twelve asked of him the parable .
5 : 12 But after that our fathers had provoked the God of heaven unto wrath , he gave them into the hand of Nebuchadnezzar the king of Babylon , the Chaldean , who destroyed this house , and carried the people away into Babylon .
8 : 2 And Ezra the priest brought the law before the congregation both of men and women , and all that could hear with understanding , upon the first day of the seventh month .
" Did Mrs . Ferrars look well ?"
36 : 23 And the children of Shobal were these ; Alvan , and Manahath , and Ebal , Shepho , and Onam .
6 : 19 To cast out all thine enemies from before thee , as the LORD hath spoken .
However , I got a very good husband , and I don ' t know what the greatest beauty can do more .
6 : 4 For I brought thee up out of the land of Egypt , and redeemed thee out of the house of servants ; and I sent before thee Moses , Aaron , and Miriam .
" I had .
Emma was not at this time in a state of spirits to care really about Mr . Frank Churchill ' s not coming , except as a disappointment at Randalls .
1 : 5 The sun also ariseth , and the sun goeth down , and hasteth to his place where he arose .
44 : 25 For our soul is bowed down to the dust : our belly cleaveth unto the earth .
Look at my shoes .
7 : 3 Thus saith the LORD of hosts , the God of Israel , Amend your ways and your doings , and I will cause you to dwell in this place .
11 : 17 And I will come down and talk with thee there : and I will take of the spirit which is upon thee , and will put it upon them ; and they shall bear the burden of the people with thee , that thou bear it not thyself alone .
13 : 13 Therefore speak I to them in parables : because they seeing see not ; and hearing they hear not , neither do they understand .
But Mr Elliot was not done with .
2 : 9 The sons also of Hezron , that were born unto him ; Jerahmeel , and Ram , and Chelubai .
The result of his reverie was , " No , Emma , I do not think the extent of my admiration for her will ever take me by surprize .-- I never had a thought of her in that way , I assure you ."
" And really , I do not think the impression will soon be over ," said Emma , as she crossed the low hedge , and tottering footstep which ended the narrow , slippery path through the cottage garden , and brought them into the lane again .
With such a confederacy against her -- with a knowledge so intimate of his goodness -- with a conviction of his fond attachment to herself , which at last , though long after it was observable to everybody else -- burst on her -- what could she do ?
1 : 4 I have no greater joy than to hear that my children walk in truth .
18 : 22 For all his judgments were before me , and I did not put away his statutes from me .
The helpless worm arose and sat upon the Lillys leaf , And the bright Cloud saild on , to find his partner in the vale .
16 : 19 And Korah gathered all the congregation against them unto the door of the tabernacle of the congregation : and the glory of the LORD appeared unto all the congregation .
38 : 4 Then came the word of the LORD to Isaiah , saying , 38 : 5 Go , and say to Hezekiah , Thus saith the LORD , the God of David thy father , I have heard thy prayer , I have seen thy tears : behold , I will add unto thy days fifteen years .
14 : 29 Let the prophets speak two or three , and let the other judge .
In the whole of her subsequent manner , she traced the direction of a mind awakened to reasonable exertion ; for no sooner had they entered their common sitting - room , than Marianne turned her eyes around it with a look of resolute firmness , as if determined at once to accustom herself to the sight of every object with which the remembrance of Willoughby could be connected .-- She said little , but every sentence aimed at cheerfulness , and though a sigh sometimes escaped her , it never passed away without the atonement of a smile .
He is not a gallant man , but he is a very humane one ; and this , considering Jane Fairfax ' s ill - health , would appear a case of humanity to him ;-- and for an act of unostentatious kindness , there is nobody whom I would fix on more than on Mr . Knightley .
What Edward had done to forfeit the right of eldest son , might have puzzled many people to find out ; and what Robert had done to succeed to it , might have puzzled them still more .
14 : 14 Moreover the LORD shall raise him up a king over Israel , who shall cut off the house of Jeroboam that day : but what ?
1 : 7 And the LORD said unto Satan , Whence comest thou ?
Confess , Marianne , is not there something interesting to you in the flushed cheek , hollow eye , and quick pulse of a fever ?"
7 : 33 And the sons of Japhlet ; Pasach , and Bimhal , and Ashvath .
You must see the difference ."
21 : 2 And the people came to the house of God , and abode there till even before God , and lifted up their voices , and wept sore ; 21 : 3 And said , O LORD God of Israel , why is this come to pass in Israel , that there should be to day one tribe lacking in Israel ?
25 : 13 And David said unto his men , Gird ye on every man his sword .
1 : 32 Yet in this thing ye did not believe the LORD your God , 1 : 33 Who went in the way before you , to search you out a place to pitch your tents in , in fire by night , to shew you by what way ye should go , and in a cloud by day .
5 : 14 And believers were the more added to the Lord , multitudes both of men and women .)
28 : 5 In that day shall the LORD of hosts be for a crown of glory , and for a diadem of beauty , unto the residue of his people , 28 : 6 And for a spirit of judgment to him that sitteth in judgment , and for strength to them that turn the battle to the gate .
20 : 18 And all the people saw the thunderings , and the lightnings , and the noise of the trumpet , and the mountain smoking : and when the people saw it , they removed , and stood afar off .
14 : 34 Salt is good : but if the salt have lost his savour , wherewith shall it be seasoned ?
19 : 2 Then Jezebel sent a messenger unto Elijah , saying , So let the gods do to me , and more also , if I make not thy life as the life of one of them by to morrow about this time .
It was settled so , upon the hill , while we were walking about with Mr . Knightley .
" Indeed I believe you ," replied Elinor ; " but I am very sure that Colonel Brandon has not the smallest wish of marrying ME ."
17 : 4 And Moses cried unto the LORD , saying , What shall I do unto this people ?
18 : 8 There went up a smoke out of his nostrils , and fire out of his mouth devoured : coals were kindled by it .
21 : 32 And Moses sent to spy out Jaazer , and they took the villages thereof , and drove out the Amorites that were there .
My visits to Mrs . Smith are never repeated within the twelvemonth ."
16 : 26 For all the gods of the people are idols : but the LORD made the heavens .
14 : 18 I will not leave you comfortless : I will come to you .
1 : 23 He said , I am the voice of one crying in the wilderness , Make straight the way of the Lord , as said the prophet Esaias .
Thy ready wit the word will soon supply .
I am not sorry , indeed , to make it over to another .
" Oh yes , sir ," cried she with ready sympathy , " how you must miss her !
55 : 18 He hath delivered my soul in peace from the battle that was against me : for there were many with me .
5 : 14 Out of Ephraim was there a root of them against Amalek ; after thee , Benjamin , among thy people ; out of Machir came down governors , and out of Zebulun they that handle the pen of the writer .
69 : 9 For the zeal of thine house hath eaten me up ; and the reproaches of them that reproached thee are fallen upon me .
30 : 10 But David pursued , he and four hundred men : for two hundred abode behind , which were so faint that they could not go over the brook Besor .
5 : 14 And he charged him to tell no man : but go , and shew thyself to the priest , and offer for thy cleansing , according as Moses commanded , for a testimony unto them .
3 : 29 After them repaired Zadok the son of Immer over against his house .
" But what are you in doubt of ?
he knoweth that the day of darkness is ready at his hand .
2 : 7 Send me now therefore a man cunning to work in gold , and in silver , and in brass , and in iron , and in purple , and crimson , and blue , and that can skill to grave with the cunning men that are with me in Judah and in Jerusalem , whom David my father did provide .
80 : 1 Give ear , O Shepherd of Israel , thou that leadest Joseph like a flock ; thou that dwellest between the cherubims , shine forth .
They were wretched comforters for one another ."
15 : 4 Every bed , whereon he lieth that hath the issue , is unclean : and every thing , whereon he sitteth , shall be unclean .
Here Mrs . Jennings ceased , and as Elinor had had time enough to collect her thoughts , she was able to give such an answer , and make such observations , as the subject might naturally be supposed to produce .
62 : 10 Trust not in oppression , and become not vain in robbery : if riches increase , set not your heart upon them .
He was silent .
I had quite depended upon meeting you there .
7 : 13 The sons of Naphtali ; Jahziel , and Guni , and Jezer , and Shallum , the sons of Bilhah .
7 : 27 Behold , this have I found , saith the preacher , counting one by one , to find out the account : 7 : 28 Which yet my soul seeketh , but I find not : one man among a thousand have I found ; but a woman among all those have I not found .
13 : 13 But the men of Sodom were wicked and sinners before the LORD exceedingly .
They praised the morning ; gloried in the sea ; sympathized in the delight of the fresh - feeling breeze -- and were silent ; till Henrietta suddenly began again with --
19 : 9 A false witness shall not be unpunished , and he that speaketh lies shall perish .
14 : 4 Because the ground is chapt , for there was no rain in the earth , the plowmen were ashamed , they covered their heads .
19 : 21 Jesus said unto him , If thou wilt be perfect , go and sell that thou hast , and give to the poor , and thou shalt have treasure in heaven : and come and follow me .
and where is the place of understanding ?
Selah .
--
39 : 19 And ye shall eat fat till ye be full , and drink blood till ye be drunken , of my sacrifice which I have sacrificed for you .
12 : 25 But if ye shall still do wickedly , ye shall be consumed , both ye and your king .
2 : 19 The children of Hashum , two hundred twenty and three .
23 : 9 And David knew that Saul secretly practised mischief against him ; and he said to Abiathar the priest , Bring hither the ephod .
and thine enemies shall be found liars unto thee ; and thou shalt tread upon their high places .
11 : 28 But he said , Yea rather , blessed are they that hear the word of God , and keep it .
103 : 20 Bless the LORD , ye his angels , that excel in strength , that do his commandments , hearkening unto the voice of his word .
7 : 53 And every man went unto his own house .
136 : 14 And made Israel to pass through the midst of it : for his mercy endureth for ever :
1 : 1 In the third year of the reign of Jehoiakim king of Judah came Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon unto Jerusalem , and besieged it .
" At last we are alone .
Pale through pathless ways The fancied image strays , Famished , weeping , weak , With hollow piteous shriek .
8 : 15 And Mordecai went out from the presence of the king in royal apparel of blue and white , and with a great crown of gold , and with a garment of fine linen and purple : and the city of Shushan rejoiced and was glad .
13 : 8 For nation shall rise against nation , and kingdom against kingdom : and there shall be earthquakes in divers places , and there shall be famines and troubles : these are the beginnings of sorrows .
41 : 33 Upon earth there is not his like , who is made without fear .
15 : 18 And all his servants passed on beside him ; and all the Cherethites , and all the Pelethites , and all the Gittites , six hundred men which came after him from Gath , passed on before the king .
He would gladly weaken , by any fair means , whatever feelings or speculations concerning him might exist ; and he went , therefore , to his brother ' s , meaning after a while to return to Kellynch , and act as circumstances might require .
-- repeated Frank Churchill , with a look of surprize and displeasure .-- " That is easy -- but Miss Fairfax does not disapprove it , I suppose ."
" I do not attempt to deny ," said she , " that I think very highly of him -- that I greatly esteem , that I like him ."
Stand , stand , shall they cry ; but none shall look back .
You can send for us , you know , at a moment ' s notice , if anything is the matter ; but I dare say there will be nothing to alarm you .
1 : 13 Now I would not have you ignorant , brethren , that oftentimes I purposed to come unto you , ( but was let hitherto ,) that I might have some fruit among you also , even as among other Gentiles .
Not that Marianne appeared to distrust the truth of any part of it , for she listened to it all with the most steady and submissive attention , made neither objection nor remark , attempted no vindication of Willoughby , and seemed to shew by her tears that she felt it to be impossible .
You provide for the family , you know , ( with a smile at his father ).
2 : 17 And the shepherds came and drove them away : but Moses stood up and helped them , and watered their flock .
_She_ could not .
Under a bright mid - day sun , at almost Midsummer , Mr . Woodhouse was safely conveyed in his carriage , with one window down , to partake of this al - fresco party ; and in one of the most comfortable rooms in the Abbey , especially prepared for him by a fire all the morning , he was happily placed , quite at his ease , ready to talk with pleasure of what had been achieved , and advise every body to come and sit down , and not to heat themselves .-- Mrs . Weston , who seemed to have walked there on purpose to be tired , and sit all the time with him , remained , when all the others were invited or persuaded out , his patient listener and sympathiser .
Hear the voice of the Bard , Who present , past , and future , sees ; Whose ears have heard The Holy Word That walked among the ancient tree ;
Tell him I must see him again -- must speak to him instantly .-- I cannot rest -- I shall not have a moment ' s peace till this is explained -- some dreadful misapprehension or other .-- Oh go to him this moment ."
" Who !
I do not care if it IS the Doctor ' s favourite colour .
9 : 19 Therefore the Jews of the villages , that dwelt in the unwalled towns , made the fourteenth day of the month Adar a day of gladness and feasting , and a good day , and of sending portions one to another .
22 : 28 Therefore said we , that it shall be , when they should so say to us or to our generations in time to come , that we may say again , Behold the pattern of the altar of the LORD , which our fathers made , not for burnt offerings , nor for sacrifices ; but it is a witness between us and you .
He little surmised that it was a subject acting now exactly against his interest , bringing immediately to her thoughts all those parts of his conduct which were least excusable .
Do not put it into his head .
10 : 6 Blessings are upon the head of the just : but violence covereth the mouth of the wicked .
His society became gradually her most exquisite enjoyment .
It will be so ridiculous to see all his letters directed to him with an M . P .-- But do you know , he says , he will never frank for me ?
22 : 14 And Micaiah said , As the LORD liveth , what the LORD saith unto me , that will I speak .
50 : 14 And Joseph returned into Egypt , he , and his brethren , and all that went up with him to bury his father , after he had buried his father .
She came in with a smile , smiled all the time of her visit , except when she laughed , and smiled when she went away .
21 : 14 And the wall of the city had twelve foundations , and in them the names of the twelve apostles of the Lamb .
26 : 30 And of the Hebronites , Hashabiah and his brethren , men of valour , a thousand and seven hundred , were officers among them of Israel on this side Jordan westward in all the business of the LORD , and in the service of the king .
Mrs . Dashwood and her daughters were met at the door of the house by Sir John , who welcomed them to Barton Park with unaffected sincerity ; and as he attended them to the drawing room repeated to the young ladies the concern which the same subject had drawn from him the day before , at being unable to get any smart young men to meet them .
Her husband , but with great humility , did not see the force of her objection .
Continual engagements at home and abroad , however , supplied all the deficiencies of nature and education ; supported the good spirits of Sir John , and gave exercise to the good breeding of his wife .
13 : 25 And the king said to Absalom , Nay , my son , let us not all now go , lest we be chargeable unto thee .
The wedding was very much like other weddings , where the parties have no taste for finery or parade ; and Mrs . Elton , from the particulars detailed by her husband , thought it all extremely shabby , and very inferior to her own .--" Very little white satin , very few lace veils ; a most pitiful business !-- Selina would stare when she heard of it ."
15 : 15 All the days of the afflicted are evil : but he that is of a merry heart hath a continual feast .
Mrs . Weston added , " that he could only allow himself time to hurry to Highbury , after breakfast , and take leave of the few friends there whom he could suppose to feel any interest in him ; and that he might be expected at Hartfield very soon ."
10 : 43 And Joshua returned , and all Israel with him , unto the camp to Gilgal .
1 : 18 Neither their silver nor their gold shall be able to deliver them in the day of the LORD ' s wrath ; but the whole land shall be devoured by the fire of his jealousy : for he shall make even a speedy riddance of all them that dwell in the land .
2 : 11 The name of the first is Pison : that is it which compasseth the whole land of Havilah , where there is gold ; 2 : 12 And the gold of that land is good : there is bdellium and the onyx stone .
" Only give me a hearing .
When he did return , he sought out the child and took notice of her .
Frank Churchill ' s confession of having behaved shamefully was the first thing to call for more than a word in passing .
And Jesus said unto Simon , Fear not ; from henceforth thou shalt catch men .
7 : 18 And the fish that is in the river shall die , and the river shall stink ; and the Egyptians shall lothe to drink of the water of the river .
A man like him , in his situation !
" Captain Benwick , would not it be better for Captain Benwick ?
4 : 15 And when Aaron and his sons have made an end of covering the sanctuary , and all the vessels of the sanctuary , as the camp is to set forward ; after that , the sons of Kohath shall come to bear it : but they shall not touch any holy thing , lest they die .
14 : 12 And when they had left their gods there , David gave a commandment , and they were burned with fire .
43 : 15 And the men took that present , and they took double money in their hand and Benjamin ; and rose up , and went down to Egypt , and stood before Joseph .
14 : 31 Or what king , going to make war against another king , sitteth not down first , and consulteth whether he be able with ten thousand to meet him that cometh against him with twenty thousand ?
Of the tribe of Joseph were sealed twelve thousand .
But you know what I am .-- You hear nothing but truth from me .-- I have blamed you , and lectured you , and you have borne it as no other woman in England would have borne it .-- Bear with the truths I would tell you now , dearest Emma , as well as you have borne with them .
69 : 23 Let their eyes be darkened , that they see not ; and make their loins continually to shake .
By this time , the walk in the rain had reached Mrs . Elton , and her remonstrances now opened upon Jane .
Now , however , I see nothing in it but a very natural and consistent degree of discretion .
His imprudence had made her miserable for a while ; but it seemed to have deprived himself of all chance of ever being otherwise .
17 : 27 Then the king of Assyria commanded , saying , Carry thither one of the priests whom ye brought from thence ; and let them go and dwell there , and let him teach them the manner of the God of the land .
yes -- but how they were conveyed hither ?-- the manner of their coming ?"
12 : 18 Now as soon as it was day , there was no small stir among the soldiers , what was become of Peter .
42 : 11 We are all one man ' s sons ; we are true men , thy servants are no spies .
One five minutes brought a note , the next a parcel ; and Anne had not been there half an hour , when their dining - room , spacious as it was , seemed more than half filled : a party of steady old friends were seated around Mrs Musgrove , and Charles came back with Captains Harville and Wentworth .
11 : 22 So the messenger went , and came and shewed David all that Joab had sent him for .
80 : 10 The hills were covered with the shadow of it , and the boughs thereof were like the goodly cedars .
11 : 18 And the three brake through the host of the Philistines , and drew water out of the well of Bethlehem , that was by the gate , and took it , and brought it to David : but David would not drink of it , but poured it out to the LORD .
15 : 19 And they smote him on the head with a reed , and did spit upon him , and bowing their knees worshipped him .
And touching Miss Bates , who at that moment passed near --" Miss Bates , are you mad , to let your niece sing herself hoarse in this manner ?
8 : 1 And Saul was consenting unto his death .
12 : 29 And it came to pass , that at midnight the LORD smote all the firstborn in the land of Egypt , from the firstborn of Pharaoh that sat on his throne unto the firstborn of the captive that was in the dungeon ; and all the firstborn of cattle .
" My dear , you are too particular ," said her husband .
5 : 2 The virgin of Israel is fallen ; she shall no more rise : she is forsaken upon her land ; there is none to raise her up .
22 : 14 I am poured out like water , and all my bones are out of joint : my heart is like wax ; it is melted in the midst of my bowels .
119 : 165 Great peace have they which love thy law : and nothing shall offend them .
Mrs Croft always met her with a kindness which gave her the pleasure of fancying herself a favourite , and on the present occasion , receiving her in that house , there was particular attention .
2 : 1 And it came to pass , when the LORD would take up Elijah into heaven by a whirlwind , that Elijah went with Elisha from Gilgal .
12 : 14 And when they were come , they say unto him , Master , we know that thou art true , and carest for no man : for thou regardest not the person of men , but teachest the way of God in truth : Is it lawful to give tribute to Caesar , or not ?
hast thou gathered thy company to take a prey ?
3 : 5 Even so the tongue is a little member , and boasteth great things .
Do not you know she calls every one reserved who does not talk as fast , and admire what she admires as rapturously as herself ?"
I speak , you know , only of such men as have hearts !"
20 : 12 And again he sent a third : and they wounded him also , and cast him out .
16 : 5 And when king David came to Bahurim , behold , thence came out a man of the family of the house of Saul , whose name was Shimei , the son of Gera : he came forth , and cursed still as he came .
A short , a very short time however must now decide what Willoughby ' s intentions were ; in all probability he was already in town .
13 : 33 And there we saw the giants , the sons of Anak , which come of the giants : and we were in our own sight as grasshoppers , and so we were in their sight .
She checked herself , however , and submitted quietly to a little more praise than she deserved .
2 : 19 And when Azubah was dead , Caleb took unto him Ephrath , which bare him Hur .
1 : 7 But I will have mercy upon the house of Judah , and will save them by the LORD their God , and will not save them by bow , nor by sword , nor by battle , by horses , nor by horsemen .
How delightful !"
cried Mrs . Dashwood as she entered --" is she ill ?"
ye are even my witnesses .
All that remained to be wished was , that the nephew should form the attachment , as , with all her goodwill in the cause , Emma could feel no certainty of its being already formed .
And he shot .
She sometimes endeavoured for a few minutes to read ; but the book was soon thrown aside , and she returned to the more interesting employment of walking backwards and forwards across the room , pausing for a moment whenever she came to the window , in hopes of distinguishing the long - expected rap .
A _Mrs . _ _Elton_ would be an excuse for any change of intercourse ; former intimacy might sink without remark .
It was a right thing to do .
28 : 15 And , behold , I am with thee , and will keep thee in all places whither thou goest , and will bring thee again into this land ; for I will not leave thee , until I have done that which I have spoken to thee of .
Mrs . Weston , you would be quite laid up ; do not let them talk of such a wild thing .
20 : 19 And thou shalt not uncover the nakedness of thy mother ' s sister , nor of thy father ' s sister : for he uncovereth his near kin : they shall bear their iniquity .
We do not like our lodgings here the worse , I can tell you , for putting us in mind of those we first had at North Yarmouth .
24 : 11 And Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon came against the city , and his servants did besiege it .
5 : 16 Let thy fountains be dispersed abroad , and rivers of waters in the streets .
5 : 2 And he said unto me , What seest thou ?
how then doth he now see ?
21 : 1 Then there was a famine in the days of David three years , year after year ; and David enquired of the LORD .
So Absalom returned to his own house , and saw not the king ' s face .
They had looked forward and arranged everything before the others began to reflect .
10 : 4 And the sons of Javan ; Elishah , and Tarshish , Kittim , and Dodanim .
Very long has it possessed a charm over my fancy ; and , if I dared , I would breathe my wishes that the name might never change ."
13 : 7 Then said he unto the dresser of his vineyard , Behold , these three years I come seeking fruit on this fig tree , and find none : cut it down ; why cumbereth it the ground ?
36 : 18 Beware lest Hezekiah persuade you , saying , the LORD will deliver us .
1 : 11 In the day that thou stoodest on the other side , in the day that the strangers carried away captive his forces , and foreigners entered into his gates , and cast lots upon Jerusalem , even thou wast as one of them .
8 : 21 Else , if thou wilt not let my people go , behold , I will send swarms of flies upon thee , and upon thy servants , and upon thy people , and into thy houses : and the houses of the Egyptians shall be full of swarms of flies , and also the ground whereon they are .
28 : 24 And thou shalt put the two wreathen chains of gold in the two rings which are on the ends of the breastplate .
3 : 16 Nevertheless when it shall turn to the Lord , the vail shall be taken away .
for I hear of your evil dealings by all this people .
89 : 25 I will set his hand also in the sea , and his right hand in the rivers .
What strength , or what constancy of affection he might be subject to , was another point ; but at present she could not doubt his having a decidedly warm admiration , a conscious preference of herself ; and this persuasion , joined to all the rest , made her think that she _must_ be a little in love with him , in spite of every previous determination against it .
" Does spring hide its joy , When buds and blossoms grow ?
9 : 22 And Joshua called for them , and he spake unto them , saying , Wherefore have ye beguiled us , saying , We are very far from you ; when ye dwell among us ?
She was very far from wishing to dwell on her own feelings , or to represent herself as suffering much , any otherwise than as the self - command she had practised since her first knowledge of Edward ' s engagement , might suggest a hint of what was practicable to Marianne .
41 : 53 And the seven years of plenteousness , that was in the land of Egypt , were ended .
26 : 66 What think ye ?
We invalids think we are privileged people ."
will they fortify themselves ?
16 : 15 Be ye mindful always of his covenant ; the word which he commanded to a thousand generations ; 16 : 16 Even of the covenant which he made with Abraham , and of his oath unto Isaac ; 16 : 17 And hath confirmed the same to Jacob for a law , and to Israel for an everlasting covenant , 16 : 18 Saying , Unto thee will I give the land of Canaan , the lot of your inheritance ; 16 : 19 When ye were but few , even a few , and strangers in it .
Upon the hint of having spoken disrespectfully or carelessly of the family and the family honours , he was quite indignant .
Will you promise me to mention it , when you see them again ?
2 : 24 But Jesus did not commit himself unto them , because he knew all men , 2 : 25 And needed not that any should testify of man : for he knew what was in man .
9 : 35 And the heart of Pharaoh was hardened , neither would he let the children of Israel go ; as the LORD had spoken by Moses .
31 : 12 And they brought the captives , and the prey , and the spoil , unto Moses , and Eleazar the priest , and unto the congregation of the children of Israel , unto the camp at the plains of Moab , which are by Jordan near Jericho .
He looked , as he spoke , to the seat which Mrs Clay had been lately occupying : a sufficient explanation of what he particularly meant ; and though Anne could not believe in their having the same sort of pride , she was pleased with him for not liking Mrs Clay ; and her conscience admitted that his wishing to promote her father ' s getting great acquaintance was more than excusable in the view of defeating her .
" You will wonder ," said she , " what has been fixing my eye so long ; but I was looking after some window - curtains , which Lady Alicia and Mrs Frankland were telling me of last night .
18 : 34 He teacheth my hands to war , so that a bow of steel is broken by mine arms .
28 : 11 And he lighted upon a certain place , and tarried there all night , because the sun was set ; and he took of the stones of that place , and put them for his pillows , and lay down in that place to sleep .
54 : 2 Hear my prayer , O God ; give ear to the words of my mouth .
repeated Miss Steele , whose ear had caught those words by a sudden pause in Marianne ' s music .-- " Oh , they are talking of their favourite beaux , I dare say ."
12 : 19 Why saidst thou , She is my sister ?
24 : 8 So when they had gone through all the land , they came to Jerusalem at the end of nine months and twenty days .
did I not say , Do not deceive me ?
Every man therefore that hath heard , and hath learned of the Father , cometh unto me .
" Harriet must give us as much of her company as she can while my brother and sister are here .
It was the very circumstance he could have wished for .
21 : 8 And the next day we that were of Paul ' s company departed , and came unto Caesarea : and we entered into the house of Philip the evangelist , which was one of the seven ; and abode with him .
6 : 23 Therefore Michal the daughter of Saul had no child unto the day of her death .
14 : 6 But when Herod ' s birthday was kept , the daughter of Herodias danced before them , and pleased Herod .
8 : 4 And Jesus saith unto him , See thou tell no man ; but go thy way , shew thyself to the priest , and offer the gift that Moses commanded , for a testimony unto them .
32 : 17 And when Joshua heard the noise of the people as they shouted , he said unto Moses , There is a noise of war in the camp .
22 : 17 And he said , I saw all Israel scattered upon the hills , as sheep that have not a shepherd : and the LORD said , These have no master : let them return every man to his house in peace .
60 : 13 The glory of Lebanon shall come unto thee , the fir tree , the pine tree , and the box together , to beautify the place of my sanctuary ; and I will make the place of my feet glorious .
" No more it is ."
2 : 19 And Jesus said unto them , Can the children of the bridechamber fast , while the bridegroom is with them ?
10 : 5 Then arose Ezra , and made the chief priests , the Levites , and all Israel , to swear that they should do according to this word .
" He promised to come to me as soon as he could disengage himself from Knightley ; but he and Knightley are shut up together in deep consultation .-- Mr .
" Ah !-- well -- to be sure .
18 : 24 Now Annas had sent him bound unto Caiaphas the high priest .
4 : 8 For if Jesus had given them rest , then would he not afterward have spoken of another day .
16 : 5 Thou mayest not sacrifice the passover within any of thy gates , which the LORD thy God giveth thee : 16 : 6 But at the place which the LORD thy God shall choose to place his name in , there thou shalt sacrifice the passover at even , at the going down of the sun , at the season that thou camest forth out of Egypt .
4 : 4 But ye that did cleave unto the LORD your God are alive every one of you this day .
12 : 25 For I am the LORD : I will speak , and the word that I shall speak shall come to pass ; it shall be no more prolonged : for in your days , O rebellious house , will I say the word , and will perform it , saith the Lord GOD .
He seems to me to be grown particularly gentle of late .
What you direct in this house cannot be wrong .
He does not think of the draught .
24 : 1 The LORD shewed me , and , behold , two baskets of figs were set before the temple of the LORD , after that Nebuchadrezzar king of Babylon had carried away captive Jeconiah the son of Jehoiakim king of Judah , and the princes of Judah , with the carpenters and smiths , from Jerusalem , and had brought them to Babylon .
33 : 7 And Moses took the tabernacle , and pitched it without the camp , afar off from the camp , and called it the Tabernacle of the congregation .
One can see that she feels the want of encouragement .
At length Lucy exclaimed with a deep sigh ,
19 : 29 And it came to pass , when he was come nigh to Bethphage and Bethany , at the mount called the mount of Olives , he sent two of his disciples , 19 : 30 Saying , Go ye into the village over against you ; in the which at your entering ye shall find a colt tied , whereon yet never man sat : loose him , and bring him hither .
11 : 18 And the LORD hath given me knowledge of it , and I know it : then thou shewedst me their doings .
19 : 6 It shall be eaten the same day ye offer it , and on the morrow : and if ought remain until the third day , it shall be burnt in the fire .
14 : 18 And the Egyptians shall know that I am the LORD , when I have gotten me honour upon Pharaoh , upon his chariots , and upon his horsemen .
This shall be a sign to the house of Israel .
8 : 3 Israel hath cast off the thing that is good : the enemy shall pursue him .
21 : 33 And they turned and went up by the way of Bashan : and Og the king of Bashan went out against them , he , and all his people , to the battle at Edrei .
5 : 29 Shall I not visit for these things ?
" Yes ," said he , looking not exactly forward ; " but there , I think , ends the resemblance .
They were soon dining in company together at Mr Musgrove ' s , for the little boy ' s state could no longer supply his aunt with a pretence for absenting herself ; and this was but the beginning of other dinings and other meetings .
In short , I have made a match between Mr . Knightley and Jane Fairfax .
" Merely Gowland ," he supposed .
Well , by - and - by we shall have a few friends , and that will amuse her a little .
They are all remarkably clever ; and they have so many pretty ways .
Ambition , as well as love , had probably been mortified .
11 : 11 For he knoweth vain men : he seeth wickedness also ; will he not then consider it ?
14 : 4 These are they which were not defiled with women ; for they are virgins .
22 : 34 He maketh my feet like hinds ' feet : and setteth me upon my high places .
" I wish ," said Margaret , striking out a novel thought , " that somebody would give us all a large fortune apiece !"
his kingdom is an everlasting kingdom , and his dominion is from generation to generation .
I have no pleasure in seeing my friends , unless I can believe myself fit to be seen ."
She felt the loss of Willoughby ' s character yet more heavily than she had felt the loss of his heart ; his seduction and desertion of Miss Williams , the misery of that poor girl , and the doubt of what his designs might ONCE have been on herself , preyed altogether so much on her spirits , that she could not bring herself to speak of what she felt even to Elinor ; and , brooding over her sorrows in silence , gave more pain to her sister than could have been communicated by the most open and most frequent confession of them .
20 : 4 And it came to pass after this , that there arose war at Gezer with the Philistines ; at which time Sibbechai the Hushathite slew Sippai , that was of the children of the giant : and they were subdued .
Actually to discover that Mr . Knightley is a gentleman !
Captain Harville , who had in truth been hearing none of it , now left his seat , and moved to a window , and Anne seeming to watch him , though it was from thorough absence of mind , became gradually sensible that he was inviting her to join him where he stood .
He stopped .-- Emma felt her foot pressed by Mrs . Weston , and did not herself know what to think .
16 : 1 These things have I spoken unto you , that ye should not be offended .
5 : 31 Then shall the man be guiltless from iniquity , and this woman shall bear her iniquity .
" This man is almost too gallant to be in love ," thought Emma .
-- Yet he would be so anxious for her being perfectly warm , would be so interested about her father , and so delighted with Mrs . Weston ; and at last would begin admiring her drawings with so much zeal and so little knowledge as seemed terribly like a would - be lover , and made it some effort with her to preserve her good manners .
5 : 1 And the LORD spake unto Moses , saying , 5 : 2 Command the children of Israel , that they put out of the camp every leper , and every one that hath an issue , and whosoever is defiled by the dead : 5 : 3 Both male and female shall ye put out , without the camp shall ye put them ; that they defile not their camps , in the midst whereof I dwell .
25 : 5 That which groweth of its own accord of thy harvest thou shalt not reap , neither gather the grapes of thy vine undressed : for it is a year of rest unto the land .
I should wish it ."
10 : 23 And he turned him unto his disciples , and said privately , Blessed are the eyes which see the things that ye see : 10 : 24 For I tell you , that many prophets and kings have desired to see those things which ye see , and have not seen them ; and to hear those things which ye hear , and have not heard them .
Happy to find that she was not suspected of any extraordinary interest in it ; that Mrs . Jennings ( as she had of late often hoped might be the case ) had ceased to imagine her at all attached to Edward ; and happy above all the rest , in the absence of Marianne , she felt very well able to speak of the affair without embarrassment , and to give her judgment , as she believed , with impartiality on the conduct of every one concerned in it .
3 : 5 And the LORD spake unto Moses , saying , 3 : 6 Bring the tribe of Levi near , and present them before Aaron the priest , that they may minister unto him .
She had raised herself from the ground , but her foot had been twisted in her fall , and she was scarcely able to stand .
4 : 35 Then he returned , and walked in the house to and fro ; and went up , and stretched himself upon him : and the child sneezed seven times , and the child opened his eyes .
30 : 26 And I will scatter the Egyptians among the nations , and disperse them among the countries ; and they shall know that I am the LORD .
After a little more discourse in praise of gruel , with some wondering at its not being taken every evening by every body , he proceeded to say , with an air of grave reflection ,
19 : 4 Their line is gone out through all the earth , and their words to the end of the world .
25 : 45 Moreover of the children of the strangers that do sojourn among you , of them shall ye buy , and of their families that are with you , which they begat in your land : and they shall be your possession .
Selfish , vain , Eternal bane , That free love with bondage bound ."
18 : 15 And ten young men that bare Joab ' s armour compassed about and smote Absalom , and slew him .
94 : 20 Shall the throne of iniquity have fellowship with thee , which frameth mischief by a law ?
Then , he said , he would endeavour to see her in the course of this day ."
25 : 13 And after certain days king Agrippa and Bernice came unto Caesarea to salute Festus .
" My dear ," said she , entering , " I have just recollected that I have some of the finest old Constantia wine in the house that ever was tasted , so I have brought a glass of it for your sister .
The children are all hanging about her already , as if she was an old acquaintance .
Within the first five minutes I said , ` I will be at Bath on Wednesday ,' and I was .
I could not trace her beyond her first seducer , and there was every reason to fear that she had removed from him only to sink deeper in a life of sin .
34 : 7 The angel of the LORD encampeth round about them that fear him , and delivereth them .
39 : 13 O spare me , that I may recover strength , before I go hence , and be no more .
9 : 36 Behold , we are servants this day , and for the land that thou gavest unto our fathers to eat the fruit thereof and the good thereof , behold , we are servants in it : 9 : 37 And it yieldeth much increase unto the kings whom thou hast set over us because of our sins : also they have dominion over our bodies , and over our cattle , at their pleasure , and we are in great distress .
13 : 36 And it came to pass , as soon as he had made an end of speaking , that , behold , the king ' s sons came , and lifted up their voice and wept : and the king also and all his servants wept very sore .
Fortune came , his prize - money as lieutenant being great ; promotion , too , came at last ; but Fanny Harville did not live to know it .
5 : 13 But in the first year of Cyrus the king of Babylon the same king Cyrus made a decree to build this house of God .
43 : 12 This is the law of the house ; Upon the top of the mountain the whole limit thereof round about shall be most holy .
5 : 15 But he saveth the poor from the sword , from their mouth , and from the hand of the mighty .
12 : 15 And they shall know that I am the LORD , when I shall scatter them among the nations , and disperse them in the countries .
when wilt thou arise out of thy sleep ?
2 : 30 The children of Magbish , an hundred fifty and six .
2 : 8 And he saith unto them , Draw out now , and bear unto the governor of the feast .
" That is an expression , Sir John ," said Marianne , warmly , " which I particularly dislike .
8 : 39 They answered and said unto him , Abraham is our father .
She blessed the favouring blindness .
" It is too much a matter of fact , but here it is .-- What two letters of the alphabet are there , that express perfection ?"
She could do little more than listen patiently , soften every grievance , and excuse each to the other ; give them all hints of the forbearance necessary between such near neighbours , and make those hints broadest which were meant for her sister ' s benefit .
Now their cities were Gibeon , and Chephirah , and Beeroth , and Kirjathjearim .
exclaimed Mr . Knightley loudly and warmly ; and with calmer asperity , added , a few moments afterwards , " No , he is not her equal indeed , for he is as much her superior in sense as in situation .
" Thank you ," said he , in an accent of deep mortification , and not another syllable followed .
19 : 3 And she brought up one of her whelps : it became a young lion , and it learned to catch the prey ; it devoured men .
18 : 20 They that come after him shall be astonied at his day , as they that went before were affrighted .
5 : 13 And it came to pass , when Joshua was by Jericho , that he lifted up his eyes and looked , and , behold , there stood a man over against him with his sword drawn in his hand : and Joshua went unto him , and said unto him , Art thou for us , or for our adversaries ?
3 : 24 And the sons of Elioenai were , Hodaiah , and Eliashib , and Pelaiah , and Akkub , and Johanan , and Dalaiah , and Anani , seven .
He is half way to Windsor by this time ."
It did not accord with the rationality of plan , the moderation in expense , or even the unselfish warmth of heart , which she had believed herself to discern in him yesterday .
1 : 25 How are the mighty fallen in the midst of the battle !
In spite of the mischief of his attentions , she owed him gratitude and regard , perhaps compassion .
And so then , in my nonsense , I could not help making a treasure of it -- so I put it by never to be used , and looked at it now and then as a great treat ."
17 : 37 And they answered and said unto him , Where , Lord ?
32 : 16 And his servants spake yet more against the LORD God , and against his servant Hezekiah .
From a night of more sleep than she had expected , Marianne awoke the next morning to the same consciousness of misery in which she had closed her eyes .
How could you have consoled her !-- I cannot express my own abhorrence of myself .
It is not an employment to which they have been brought up .
8 : 5 And it came to pass , as he was telling the king how he had restored a dead body to life , that , behold , the woman , whose son he had restored to life , cried to the king for her house and for her land .
35 : 9 And the LORD spake unto Moses , saying , 35 : 10 Speak unto the children of Israel , and say unto them , When ye be come over Jordan into the land of Canaan ; 35 : 11 Then ye shall appoint you cities to be cities of refuge for you ; that the slayer may flee thither , which killeth any person at unawares .
There , not to be vulgar , was distinction , and merit .
this breach be upon thee : therefore his name was called Pharez .
8 : 35 Who shall separate us from the love of Christ ?
get you unto your burdens .
17 : 14 And these are the numbers of them according to the house of their fathers : Of Judah , the captains of thousands ; Adnah the chief , and with him mighty men of valour three hundred thousand .
cried Mrs . Jennings , " I am sure he should be very welcome to bed and board at my house ; and so I would tell him if I could see him .
5 : 38 And now I say unto you , Refrain from these men , and let them alone : for if this counsel or this work be of men , it will come to nought : 5 : 39 But if it be of God , ye cannot overthrow it ; lest haply ye be found even to fight against God .
18 : 7 But the Levites have no part among you ; for the priesthood of the LORD is their inheritance : and Gad , and Reuben , and half the tribe of Manasseh , have received their inheritance beyond Jordan on the east , which Moses the servant of the LORD gave them .
This speech at first puzzled Mrs . Jennings exceedingly .
12 : 28 Whereupon the king took counsel , and made two calves of gold , and said unto them , It is too much for you to go up to Jerusalem : behold thy gods , O Israel , which brought thee up out of the land of Egypt .
4 : 8 And it fell on a day , that Elisha passed to Shunem , where was a great woman ; and she constrained him to eat bread .
10 : 21 But I will shew thee that which is noted in the scripture of truth : and there is none that holdeth with me in these things , but Michael your prince .
8 : 9 But there was a certain man , called Simon , which beforetime in the same city used sorcery , and bewitched the people of Samaria , giving out that himself was some great one : 8 : 10 To whom they all gave heed , from the least to the greatest , saying , This man is the great power of God .
10 : 3 And I made an ark of shittim wood , and hewed two tables of stone like unto the first , and went up into the mount , having the two tables in mine hand .
39 : 1 And Joseph was brought down to Egypt ; and Potiphar , an officer of Pharaoh , captain of the guard , an Egyptian , bought him of the hands of the Ishmeelites , which had brought him down thither .
5 : 24 Therefore as the church is subject unto Christ , so let the wives be to their own husbands in every thing .
10 : 15 As the Father knoweth me , even so know I the Father : and I lay down my life for the sheep .
15 : 34 And he did that which was right in the sight of the LORD : he did according to all that his father Uzziah had done .
are my ideas so scanty ?
18 : 18 The lot causeth contentions to cease , and parteth between the mighty .
6 : 10 As we have therefore opportunity , let us do good unto all men , especially unto them who are of the household of faith .
And they blew the trumpet ; and all the people said , God save king Solomon .
" To be sure I will , if you wish it .
The pianoforte at which Marianne , wrapped up in her own music and her own thoughts , had by this time forgotten that any body was in the room besides herself , was luckily so near them that Miss Dashwood now judged she might safely , under the shelter of its noise , introduce the interesting subject , without any risk of being heard at the card - table .
28 : 20 And Tilgathpilneser king of Assyria came unto him , and distressed him , but strengthened him not .
14 : 15 What is it then ?
` Woman , lovely woman .'
There , take my arm ; that ' s right ; I do not feel comfortable if I have not a woman there .
It was a look , however , very well bestowed , for it relieved her own feelings , and gave no intelligence to him .
16 : 17 Now I beseech you , brethren , mark them which cause divisions and offences contrary to the doctrine which ye have learned ; and avoid them .
Many vain solicitudes would be prevented -- many awkwardnesses smoothed by it .
They owed to him their two or three politest puzzles ; and the joy and exultation with which at last he recalled , and rather sentimentally recited , that well - known charade ,
The Palmers returned to Cleveland the next day , and the two families at Barton were again left to entertain each other .
They will stay a good while when they do come , and he will be half his time with us .
19 : 27 And Abraham gat up early in the morning to the place where he stood before the LORD : 19 : 28 And he looked toward Sodom and Gomorrah , and toward all the land of the plain , and beheld , and , lo , the smoke of the country went up as the smoke of a furnace .
Such was his own account at Randall ' s .
That , from such a quarter , one might expect .
27 : 9 Hide not thy face far from me ; put not thy servant away in anger : thou hast been my help ; leave me not , neither forsake me , O God of my salvation .
19 : 35 And when the townclerk had appeased the people , he said , Ye men of Ephesus , what man is there that knoweth not how that the city of the Ephesians is a worshipper of the great goddess Diana , and of the image which fell down from Jupiter ?
" There is nothing so bad as a separation .
She caught it instantaneously ; and recovering her courage with the feeling of safety , soon added , more composedly , " Are you acquainted with Mr Elliot ?"
That has been a very great improvement .
-- Highbury , with Mrs . Weston , stood for Hartfield ; and she trusted to its bearing the same construction with him .
Though neither Henrietta , nor Louisa , nor Charles Hayter , nor Captain Wentworth were there , the room presented as strong a contrast as could be wished to the last state she had seen it in .
21 : 9 But they hearkened not : and Manasseh seduced them to do more evil than did the nations whom the LORD destroyed before the children of Israel .
2 : 19 And his host , and those that were numbered of them , were forty thousand and five hundred .
2 : 5 For though I be absent in the flesh , yet am I with you in the spirit , joying and beholding your order , and the stedfastness of your faith in Christ .
He promised me the sight of a capital gun he is just going to send off ; said he would keep it unpacked to the last possible moment , that I might see it ; and if I do not turn back now , I have no chance .
We have never been there above once since the new approach was made ; but still I have no doubt that James will take you very safely .
28 : 18 Thou hast defiled thy sanctuaries by the multitude of thine iniquities , by the iniquity of thy traffick ; therefore will I bring forth a fire from the midst of thee , it shall devour thee , and I will bring thee to ashes upon the earth in the sight of all them that behold thee .
7 : 7 And the nation to whom they shall be in bondage will I judge , said God : and after that shall they come forth , and serve me in this place .
2 : 11 And the days that David reigned over Israel were forty years : seven years reigned he in Hebron , and thirty and three years reigned he in Jerusalem .
28 : 24 And there shall be no more a pricking brier unto the house of Israel , nor any grieving thorn of all that are round about them , that despised them ; and they shall know that I am the Lord GOD .
Lady Middleton expressed her sense of the affair about once every day , or twice , if the subject occurred very often , by saying , " It is very shocking , indeed !"
1 : 8 This book of the law shall not depart out of thy mouth ; but thou shalt meditate therein day and night , that thou mayest observe to do according to all that is written therein : for then thou shalt make thy way prosperous , and then thou shalt have good success .
10 : 6 And I will strengthen the house of Judah , and I will save the house of Joseph , and I will bring them again to place them ; for I have mercy upon them : and they shall be as though I had not cast them off : for I am the LORD their God , and will hear them .
34 : 7 And when he had broken down the altars and the groves , and had beaten the graven images into powder , and cut down all the idols throughout all the land of Israel , he returned to Jerusalem .
15 : 11 Who is like unto thee , O LORD , among the gods ?
" Here is April come !"
24 : 36 And as they thus spake , Jesus himself stood in the midst of them , and saith unto them , Peace be unto you .
She has a blister on one of her heels , as large as a three - shilling piece .
She must not flatter herself that he thought of her dancing , but if he were criticising her behaviour , she did not feel afraid .
" We can mean no other ," cried Lucy , smiling .
but thou shalt be a man , and no God , in the hand of him that slayeth thee .
5 : 30 The God of our fathers raised up Jesus , whom ye slew and hanged on a tree .
23 : 12 Neither have I gone back from the commandment of his lips ; I have esteemed the words of his mouth more than my necessary food .
18 : 21 For I have kept the ways of the LORD , and have not wickedly departed from my God .
Why should there be any change ?"
He will be glad to hear it ."
They had been arrived only a few minutes , and Mr . Weston had scarcely finished his explanation of Frank ' s being a day before his time , and her father was yet in the midst of his very civil welcome and congratulations , when she appeared , to have her share of surprize , introduction , and pleasure .
8 : 10 I am a wall , and my breasts like towers : then was I in his eyes as one that found favour .
11 : 31 Behold , the righteous shall be recompensed in the earth : much more the wicked and the sinner .
24 : 43 And he took it , and did eat before them .
52 : 10 The LORD hath made bare his holy arm in the eyes of all the nations ; and all the ends of the earth shall see the salvation of our God .
14 : 15 And there was trembling in the host , in the field , and among all the people : the garrison , and the spoilers , they also trembled , and the earth quaked : so it was a very great trembling .
One accompaniment to her song took her agreeably by surprize -- a second , slightly but correctly taken by Frank Churchill .
18 : 6 Ye shall therefore describe the land into seven parts , and bring the description hither to me , that I may cast lots for you here before the LORD our God .
11 : 42 Whatsoever goeth upon the belly , and whatsoever goeth upon all four , or whatsoever hath more feet among all creeping things that creep upon the earth , them ye shall not eat ; for they are an abomination .
5 : 22 But when the officers came , and found them not in the prison , they returned and told , 5 : 23 Saying , The prison truly found we shut with all safety , and the keepers standing without before the doors : but when we had opened , we found no man within .
it shall wither in all the leaves of her spring , even without great power or many people to pluck it up by the roots thereof .
4 : 32 And the multitude of them that believed were of one heart and of one soul : neither said any of them that ought of the things which he possessed was his own ; but they had all things common .
14 : 3 But he that prophesieth speaketh unto men to edification , and exhortation , and comfort .
-- And to this day , I do believe , she knows not whether it was his present or his daughter ' s ."
6 : 12 He that is far off shall die of the pestilence ; and he that is near shall fall by the sword ; and he that remaineth and is besieged shall die by the famine : thus will I accomplish my fury upon them .
8 : 21 Then said Jesus again unto them , I go my way , and ye shall seek me , and shall die in your sins : whither I go , ye cannot come .
31 : 17 It is a sign between me and the children of Israel for ever : for in six days the LORD made heaven and earth , and on the seventh day he rested , and was refreshed .
I considered the past : I saw in my own behaviour , since the beginning of our acquaintance with him last autumn , nothing but a series of imprudence towards myself , and want of kindness to others .
And he said , Thus saith the LORD , Even by the young men of the princes of the provinces .
And Joshua fell on his face to the earth , and did worship , and said unto him , What saith my Lord unto his servant ?
9 : 27 But when Ahaziah the king of Judah saw this , he fled by the way of the garden house .
18 : 7 In that time shall the present be brought unto the LORD of hosts of a people scattered and peeled , and from a people terrible from their beginning hitherto ; a nation meted out and trodden under foot , whose land the rivers have spoiled , to the place of the name of the LORD of hosts , the mount Zion .
You are in a melancholy humour , and fancy that any one unlike yourself must be happy .
Captain Benwick and Louisa Musgrove !
" You are very obliging .
21 : 4 And Ahab came into his house heavy and displeased because of the word which Naboth the Jezreelite had spoken to him : for he had said , I will not give thee the inheritance of my fathers .
23 : 11 And the night following the Lord stood by him , and said , Be of good cheer , Paul : for as thou hast testified of me in Jerusalem , so must thou bear witness also at Rome .
7 : 13 Was then that which is good made death unto me ?
6 : 4 O Ephraim , what shall I do unto thee ?
In general , his voice and manner were studiously calm .
28 : 10 Thou shalt die the deaths of the uncircumcised by the hand of strangers : for I have spoken it , saith the Lord GOD .
In this age of literature , such collections on a very grand scale are not uncommon .
14 : 9 Only rebel not ye against the LORD , neither fear ye the people of the land ; for they are bread for us : their defence is departed from them , and the LORD is with us : fear them not .
13 : 16 Or if the raw flesh turn again , and be changed unto white , he shall come unto the priest ; 13 : 17 And the priest shall see him : and , behold , if the plague be turned into white ; then the priest shall pronounce him clean that hath the plague : he is clean .
The closing of the little gate , at the entrance of the green court in front of the house , drew her eyes to the window , and she saw a large party walking up to the door .
" Knightley !"
40 : 20 And he took and put the testimony into the ark , and set the staves on the ark , and put the mercy seat above upon the ark : 40 : 21 And he brought the ark into the tabernacle , and set up the vail of the covering , and covered the ark of the testimony ; as the LORD commanded Moses .
24 : 5 And he gathered together the priests and the Levites , and said to them , Go out unto the cities of Judah , and gather of all Israel money to repair the house of your God from year to year , and see that ye hasten the matter .
" It might have been a very sad accident ."
18 : 10 The nakedness of thy son ' s daughter , or of thy daughter ' s daughter , even their nakedness thou shalt not uncover : for theirs is thine own nakedness .
What a blessing , that she never had any children !
27 : 21 And Isaac said unto Jacob , Come near , I pray thee , that I may feel thee , my son , whether thou be my very son Esau or not .
13 : 22 And Manoah said unto his wife , We shall surely die , because we have seen God .
33 : 8 When I say unto the wicked , O wicked man , thou shalt surely die ; if thou dost not speak to warn the wicked from his way , that wicked man shall die in his iniquity ; but his blood will I require at thine hand .
8 : 20 For the creature was made subject to vanity , not willingly , but by reason of him who hath subjected the same in hope , 8 : 21 Because the creature itself also shall be delivered from the bondage of corruption into the glorious liberty of the children of God .
1 : 29 For unto you it is given in the behalf of Christ , not only to believe on him , but also to suffer for his sake ; 1 : 30 Having the same conflict which ye saw in me , and now hear to be in me .
wherefore say my people , We are lords ; we will come no more unto thee ?
Emma could not speak .
That Emma was his object appeared indisputable .
The king answered and said , The thing is true , according to the law of the Medes and Persians , which altereth not .
10 : 7 Howbeit he meaneth not so , neither doth his heart think so ; but it is in his heart to destroy and cut off nations not a few .
37 : 14 Hearken unto this , O Job : stand still , and consider the wondrous works of God .
2 : 19 Thou believest that there is one God ; thou doest well : the devils also believe , and tremble .
7 : 41 Others said , This is the Christ .
19 : 17 And for an unclean person they shall take of the ashes of the burnt heifer of purification for sin , and running water shall be put thereto in a vessel : 19 : 18 And a clean person shall take hyssop , and dip it in the water , and sprinkle it upon the tent , and upon all the vessels , and upon the persons that were there , and upon him that touched a bone , or one slain , or one dead , or a grave : 19 : 19 And the clean person shall sprinkle upon the unclean on the third day , and on the seventh day : and on the seventh day he shall purify himself , and wash his clothes , and bathe himself in water , and shall be clean at even .
6 : 22 And the LORD spake unto Moses , saying , 6 : 23 Speak unto Aaron and unto his sons , saying , On this wise ye shall bless the children of Israel , saying unto them , 6 : 24 The LORD bless thee , and keep thee : 6 : 25 The LORD make his face shine upon thee , and be gracious unto thee : 6 : 26 The LORD lift up his countenance upon thee , and give thee peace .
2 : 6 For the LORD giveth wisdom : out of his mouth cometh knowledge and understanding .
16 : 6 And Aaron shall offer his bullock of the sin offering , which is for himself , and make an atonement for himself , and for his house .
58 : 8 Then shall thy light break forth as the morning , and thine health shall spring forth speedily : and thy righteousness shall go before thee ; the glory of the LORD shall be thy rereward .
" Good or bad ?"
And he spake , saying , These are the horns which have scattered Judah , so that no man did lift up his head : but these are come to fray them , to cast out the horns of the Gentiles , which lifted up their horn over the land of Judah to scatter it .
33 : 21 His flesh is consumed away , that it cannot be seen ; and his bones that were not seen stick out .
Where I have a regard , I always think a person well - looking .
27 : 9 And if it be a beast , whereof men bring an offering unto the LORD , all that any man giveth of such unto the LORD shall be holy .
10 : 9 Moreover the children of Ammon passed over Jordan to fight also against Judah , and against Benjamin , and against the house of Ephraim ; so that Israel was sore distressed .
Chapter 12
I do not want to say more than is necessary -- I am too much ashamed of having given way as I have done , and I dare say you understand me ."
105 : 28 He sent darkness , and made it dark ; and they rebelled not against his word .
I wish you may receive this in time to come here to - night , but I will not depend on it .
But really , I could almost venture , if Harriet would sit to me .
" This will not be your only visit to Randalls ."
" Upon my word !
From all danger of seeing Willoughby again , her mother considered her to be at least equally safe in town as in the country , since his acquaintance must now be dropped by all who called themselves her friends .
Real , long - standing regard brought the Westons and Mr . Knightley ; and by Mr . Elton , a young man living alone without liking it , the privilege of exchanging any vacant evening of his own blank solitude for the elegancies and society of Mr . Woodhouse ' s drawing - room , and the smiles of his lovely daughter , was in no danger of being thrown away .
4 : 15 For we have not an high priest which cannot be touched with the feeling of our infirmities ; but was in all points tempted like as we are , yet without sin .
" Have you heard from Miss Fairfax so lately ?
18 : 50 Great deliverance giveth he to his king ; and sheweth mercy to his anointed , to David , and to his seed for evermore .
The folks of the Great House were to spend the evening of this day at the Cottage ; and it being now too late in the year for such visits to be made on foot , the coach was beginning to be listened for , when the youngest Miss Musgrove walked in .
1 : 13 Now Hannah , she spake in her heart ; only her lips moved , but her voice was not heard : therefore Eli thought she had been drunken .
34 : 12 As a shepherd seeketh out his flock in the day that he is among his sheep that are scattered ; so will I seek out my sheep , and will deliver them out of all places where they have been scattered in the cloudy and dark day .
4 : 33 Did ever people hear the voice of God speaking out of the midst of the fire , as thou hast heard , and live ?
47 : 24 And it shall come to pass in the increase , that ye shall give the fifth part unto Pharaoh , and four parts shall be your own , for seed of the field , and for your food , and for them of your households , and for food for your little ones .
As to the wretched party left behind , it could scarcely be said which of the three , who were completely rational , was suffering most : Captain Wentworth , Anne , or Charles , who , really a very affectionate brother , hung over Louisa with sobs of grief , and could only turn his eyes from one sister , to see the other in a state as insensible , or to witness the hysterical agitations of his wife , calling on him for help which he could not give .
5 : 19 Now the works of the flesh are manifest , which are these ; Adultery , fornication , uncleanness , lasciviousness , 5 : 20 Idolatry , witchcraft , hatred , variance , emulations , wrath , strife , seditions , heresies , 5 : 21 Envyings , murders , drunkenness , revellings , and such like : of the which I tell you before , as I have also told you in time past , that they which do such things shall not inherit the kingdom of God .
seek not to be loosed .
Still , however , though every thing had not been accomplished by her ingenious device , she could not but flatter herself that it had been the occasion of much present enjoyment to both , and must be leading them forward to the great event .
5 : 10 Then said I to the angel that talked with me , Whither do these bear the ephah ?
it shall be no more , saith the Lord GOD .
42 : 15 And in all the land were no women found so fair as the daughters of Job : and their father gave them inheritance among their brethren .
The comfort , the freedom , the gaiety of the room was over , hushed into cold composure , determined silence , or insipid talk , to meet the heartless elegance of her father and sister .
17 : 11 Also some of the Philistines brought Jehoshaphat presents , and tribute silver ; and the Arabians brought him flocks , seven thousand and seven hundred rams , and seven thousand and seven hundred he goats .
She could not contemplate the change as implying less .
20 : 16 Jesus saith unto her , Mary .
6 : 26 The priest that offereth it for sin shall eat it : in the holy place shall it be eaten , in the court of the tabernacle of the congregation .
" Well ;-- if _you_ wish me to stay and join the party , I will ."
19 : 15 And the evil spirit answered and said , Jesus I know , and Paul I know ; but who are ye ?
And God gave to Heman fourteen sons and three daughters .
7 : 23 And when he was full forty years old , it came into his heart to visit his brethren the children of Israel .
At her time of life , any thing of an illness destroys the bloom for ever !
The good was all to myself , by making you an object of the tenderest affection to me .
21 : 8 And the child grew , and was weaned : and Abraham made a great feast the same day that Isaac was weaned .
Did I imitate your forbearance , or lessen your restraints , by taking any part in those offices of general complaisance or particular gratitude which you had hitherto been left to discharge alone ?-- No ;-- not less when I knew you to be unhappy , than when I had believed you at ease , did I turn away from every exertion of duty or friendship ; scarcely allowing sorrow to exist but with me , regretting only THAT heart which had deserted and wronged me , and leaving you , for or I professed an unbounded affection , to be miserable for my sake ."
23 : 1 When thou sittest to eat with a ruler , consider diligently what is before thee : 23 : 2 And put a knife to thy throat , if thou be a man given to appetite .
9 : 1 And when the queen of Sheba heard of the fame of Solomon , she came to prove Solomon with hard questions at Jerusalem , with a very great company , and camels that bare spices , and gold in abundance , and precious stones : and when she was come to Solomon , she communed with him of all that was in her heart .
And I am sure Lucy would have done just the same by me ; for a year or two back , when Martha Sharpe and I had so many secrets together , she never made any bones of hiding in a closet , or behind a chimney - board , on purpose to hear what we said ."
31 : 23 O love the LORD , all ye his saints : for the LORD preserveth the faithful , and plentifully rewardeth the proud doer .
37 : 6 And he said unto them , Hear , I pray you , this dream which I have dreamed : 37 : 7 For , behold , we were binding sheaves in the field , and , lo , my sheaf arose , and also stood upright ; and , behold , your sheaves stood round about , and made obeisance to my sheaf .
" I do own myself to have been completely mistaken in Mr . Elton .
21 : 7 The children of Merari by their families had out of the tribe of Reuben , and out of the tribe of Gad , and out of the tribe of Zebulun , twelve cities .
44 : 23 Because ye have burned incense , and because ye have sinned against the LORD , and have not obeyed the voice of the LORD , nor walked in his law , nor in his statutes , nor in his testimonies ; therefore this evil is happened unto you , as at this day .
I shall soon have done .
" Have you indeed , sir ?-- Bless me !
19 : 15 And they turned aside thither , to go in and to lodge in Gibeah : and when he went in , he sat him down in a street of the city : for there was no man that took them into his house to lodging .
16 : 7 And he shall take the two goats , and present them before the LORD at the door of the tabernacle of the congregation .
" Poor girl !"
74 : 11 Why withdrawest thou thy hand , even thy right hand ?
7 : 11 The children of Pahathmoab , of the children of Jeshua and Joab , two thousand and eight hundred and eighteen .
16 : 4 And Samuel did that which the LORD spake , and came to Bethlehem .
She then left the room ; and Elinor dared not follow her to say more , for bound as she was by her promise of secrecy to Lucy , she could give no information that would convince Marianne ; and painful as the consequences of her still continuing in an error might be , she was obliged to submit to it .
let my people go , that they may serve me .
73 : 16 When I thought to know this , it was too painful for me ;
This must not be ."
My spirits rallied with the morning , and I felt that I had still a motive for remaining here ."
31 : 22 For I said in my haste , I am cut off from before thine eyes : nevertheless thou heardest the voice of my supplications when I cried unto thee .
How would he bear to have Miss Bates belonging to him ?-- To have her haunting the Abbey , and thanking him all day long for his great kindness in marrying Jane ?-- ` So very kind and obliging !-- But he always had been such a very kind neighbour !'
6 : 10 Now when Daniel knew that the writing was signed , he went into his house ; and his windows being open in his chamber toward Jerusalem , he kneeled upon his knees three times a day , and prayed , and gave thanks before his God , as he did aforetime .
8 : 22 And they shall look unto the earth ; and behold trouble and darkness , dimness of anguish ; and they shall be driven to darkness .
Captain Weston was a general favourite ; and when the chances of his military life had introduced him to Miss Churchill , of a great Yorkshire family , and Miss Churchill fell in love with him , nobody was surprized , except her brother and his wife , who had never seen him , and who were full of pride and importance , which the connexion would offend .
She appeared to me to play well , that is , with considerable taste , but I know nothing of the matter myself .-- I am excessively fond of music , but without the smallest skill or right of judging of any body ' s performance .-- I have been used to hear her ' s admired ; and I remember one proof of her being thought to play well :-- a man , a very musical man , and in love with another woman -- engaged to her -- on the point of marriage -- would yet never ask that other woman to sit down to the instrument , if the lady in question could sit down instead -- never seemed to like to hear one if he could hear the other .
And they told David ; wherefore he came down into a rock , and abode in the wilderness of Maon .
123 : 3 Have mercy upon us , O LORD , have mercy upon us : for we are exceedingly filled with contempt .
33 : 14 For God speaketh once , yea twice , yet man perceiveth it not .
11 : 44 But tidings out of the east and out of the north shall trouble him : therefore he shall go forth with great fury to destroy , and utterly to make away many .
So Emma thought , at least .
6 : 44 And they that did eat of the loaves were about five thousand men .
16 : 6 And he said , An hundred measures of oil .
33 : 17 For thus saith the LORD ; David shall never want a man to sit upon the throne of the house of Israel ; 33 : 18 Neither shall the priests the Levites want a man before me to offer burnt offerings , and to kindle meat offerings , and to do sacrifice continually .
7 : 15 And he that was dead sat up , and began to speak .
21 : 9 He that abideth in this city shall die by the sword , and by the famine , and by the pestilence : but he that goeth out , and falleth to the Chaldeans that besiege you , he shall live , and his life shall be unto him for a prey .
28 : 4 They that forsake the law praise the wicked : but such as keep the law contend with them .
I have valued myself on honourable toils and just rewards .
15 : 27 And Baasha the son of Ahijah , of the house of Issachar , conspired against him ; and Baasha smote him at Gibbethon , which belonged to the Philistines ; for Nadab and all Israel laid siege to Gibbethon .
The invisible worm , That flies in the night , In the howling storm ,
16 : 8 Were not the Ethiopians and the Lubims a huge host , with very many chariots and horsemen ?
32 : 24 And I said unto them , Whosoever hath any gold , let them break it off .
Now , though at first she will suffer much , I am sure she will soon become easier .
23 : 10 If there be among you any man , that is not clean by reason of uncleanness that chanceth him by night , then shall he go abroad out of the camp , he shall not come within the camp : 23 : 11 But it shall be , when evening cometh on , he shall wash himself with water : and when the sun is down , he shall come into the camp again .
This was drawn at the Cape .
92 : 13 Those that be planted in the house of the LORD shall flourish in the courts of our God .
1 : 20 And God said , Let the waters bring forth abundantly the moving creature that hath life , and fowl that may fly above the earth in the open firmament of heaven .
3 : 7 And the LORD said unto Joshua , This day will I begin to magnify thee in the sight of all Israel , that they may know that , as I was with Moses , so I will be with thee .
And this Seraiah was a quiet prince .
7 : 11 God judgeth the righteous , and God is angry with the wicked every day .
5 : 2 For in this we groan , earnestly desiring to be clothed upon with our house which is from heaven : 5 : 3 If so be that being clothed we shall not be found naked .
She hesitated ; she knew not what to do .
20 : 39 And as the king passed by , he cried unto the king : and he said , Thy servant went out into the midst of the battle ; and , behold , a man turned aside , and brought a man unto me , and said , Keep this man : if by any means he be missing , then shall thy life be for his life , or else thou shalt pay a talent of silver .
36 : 22 Behold , God exalteth by his power : who teacheth like him ?
135 : 6 Whatsoever the LORD pleased , that did he in heaven , and in earth , in the seas , and all deep places .
She is not a sensible girl , nor a girl of any information .
for they say , the LORD seeth us not ; the LORD hath forsaken the earth .
From Cleveland , which was within a few miles of Bristol , the distance to Barton was not beyond one day , though a long day ' s journey ; and their mother ' s servant might easily come there to attend them down ; and as there could be no occasion of their staying above a week at Cleveland , they might now be at home in little more than three weeks ' time .
19 : 26 Moreover ye see and hear , that not alone at Ephesus , but almost throughout all Asia , this Paul hath persuaded and turned away much people , saying that they be no gods , which are made with hands : 19 : 27 So that not only this our craft is in danger to be set at nought ; but also that the temple of the great goddess Diana should be despised , and her magnificence should be destroyed , whom all Asia and the world worshippeth .
10 : 1 My soul is weary of my life ; I will leave my complaint upon myself ; I will speak in the bitterness of my soul .
15 : 18 If the world hate you , ye know that it hated me before it hated you .
he shall stand before kings ; he shall not stand before mean men .
Anne was not animated to an equal pitch by the circumstance , but she felt that she would rather see Mr Elliot again than not , which was more than she could say for many other persons in Bath .
19 : 10 But the man would not tarry that night , but he rose up and departed , and came over against Jebus , which is Jerusalem ; and there were with him two asses saddled , his concubine also was with him .
She opened the packet ; it was too surely so ;-- a note from Mrs . Weston to herself , ushered in the letter from Frank to Mrs . Weston .
6 : 3 And one said , Be content , I pray thee , and go with thy servants .
Then she had , indeed , been a pitiable object ; for she had caught cold on the journey , and had hardly taken possession of her lodgings before she was again confined to her bed and suffering under severe and constant pain ; and all this among strangers , with the absolute necessity of having a regular nurse , and finances at that moment particularly unfit to meet any extraordinary expense .
Lady Middleton was ashamed of doing nothing before them , and the flattery which Lucy was proud to think of and administer at other times , she feared they would despise her for offering .
" Yes ," said Emma , " I hope I do ."
18 : 9 This shall be thine of the most holy things , reserved from the fire : every oblation of theirs , every meat offering of theirs , and every sin offering of theirs , and every trespass offering of theirs which they shall render unto me , shall be most holy for thee and for thy sons .
33 : 7 And Leah also with her children came near , and bowed themselves : and after came Joseph near and Rachel , and they bowed themselves .
14 : 5 One man esteemeth one day above another : another esteemeth every day alike .
From the morn to the evening he stays ; He shall follow his sheep all the day , And his tongue shall be filled with praise .
19 : 23 Then said Jesus unto his disciples , Verily I say unto you , That a rich man shall hardly enter into the kingdom of heaven .
A carriage was heard .
12 : 19 He shall not strive , nor cry ; neither shall any man hear his voice in the streets .
Elinor was hardly less anxious than herself for their removal , and only so much less bent on its being effected immediately , as that she was conscious of the difficulties of so long a journey , which Marianne could not be brought to acknowledge .
She could not be silent when such points were introduced , and she had neither shyness nor reserve in their discussion .
How can you be so forgetful ?"
3 : 10 Come now therefore , and I will send thee unto Pharaoh , that thou mayest bring forth my people the children of Israel out of Egypt .
And the bands of the Moabites invaded the land at the coming in of the year .
A private dance , without sitting down to supper , was pronounced an infamous fraud upon the rights of men and women ; and Mrs . Weston must not speak of it again .
" On your side , my love , it was very innocently done .
37 : 21 Then Isaiah the son of Amoz sent unto Hezekiah , saying , Thus saith the LORD God of Israel , Whereas thou hast prayed to me against Sennacherib king of Assyria : 37 : 22 This is the word which the LORD hath spoken concerning him ; The virgin , the daughter of Zion , hath despised thee , and laughed thee to scorn ; the daughter of Jerusalem hath shaken her head at thee .
Two material advantages of Bath over London had of course been given all their weight : its more convenient distance from Kellynch , only fifty miles , and Lady Russell ' s spending some part of every winter there ; and to the very great satisfaction of Lady Russell , whose first views on the projected change had been for Bath , Sir Walter and Elizabeth were induced to believe that they should lose neither consequence nor enjoyment by settling there .
40 : 33 And he reared up the court round about the tabernacle and the altar , and set up the hanging of the court gate .
" They are very pretty , ma ' am -- an ' t they ?"
98 : 1 O sing unto the LORD a new song ; for he hath done marvellous things : his right hand , and his holy arm , hath gotten him the victory .
She could scarcely imagine a more cheerless situation in itself than Mrs Smith ' s .
41 : 7 And the seven thin ears devoured the seven rank and full ears .
He must do it all himself .
" No , I do not ; that is , I do not mean -- What shall I do ?
And he urged him to take it ; but he refused .
And why does he regret it ?-- Because he finds it has not answered towards himself .
In the meanwhile , she resolved against seeing Harriet .-- It would do neither of them good , it would do the subject no good , to be talking of it farther .-- She was resolved not to be convinced , as long as she could doubt , and yet had no authority for opposing Harriet ' s confidence .
All these were the rulers of the substance which was king David ' s .
And all the people heard when the king gave all the captains charge concerning Absalom .
41 : 3 Ishmael also slew all the Jews that were with him , even with Gedaliah , at Mizpah , and the Chaldeans that were found there , and the men of war .
30 : 9 So David went , he and the six hundred men that were with him , and came to the brook Besor , where those that were left behind stayed .
" Upon my word ," she cried , " the young man is determined not to lose any thing for want of asking .
There are secrets in all families , you know )-- The case is , that a party of friends are invited to pay a visit at Enscombe in January ; and that Frank ' s coming depends upon their being put off .
46 : 10 And the sons of Simeon ; Jemuel , and Jamin , and Ohad , and Jachin , and Zohar , and Shaul the son of a Canaanitish woman .
9 : 18 And there were six steps to the throne , with a footstool of gold , which were fastened to the throne , and stays on each side of the sitting place , and two lions standing by the stays : 9 : 19 And twelve lions stood there on the one side and on the other upon the six steps .
19 : 8 And he arose early in the morning on the fifth day to depart ; and the damsel ' s father said , Comfort thine heart , I pray thee .
Has Colonel Brandon been with you lately ?"
8 : 22 And I will sever in that day the land of Goshen , in which my people dwell , that no swarms of flies shall be there ; to the end thou mayest know that I am the LORD in the midst of the earth .
And she said , What wilt thou give me , that thou mayest come in unto me ?
said he , ` I can fasten the rivet .
" Oh !
His company so sought after , that every body says he need not eat a single meal by himself if he does not chuse it ; that he has more invitations than there are days in the week .
26 : 11 And I punished them oft in every synagogue , and compelled them to blaspheme ; and being exceedingly mad against them , I persecuted them even unto strange cities .
26 : 20 And for the second side of the tabernacle on the north side there shall be twenty boards : 26 : 21 And their forty sockets of silver ; two sockets under one board , and two sockets under another board .
27 : 4 Fury is not in me : who would set the briers and thorns against me in battle ?
16 : 1 I commend unto you Phebe our sister , which is a servant of the church which is at Cenchrea : 16 : 2 That ye receive her in the Lord , as becometh saints , and that ye assist her in whatsoever business she hath need of you : for she hath been a succourer of many , and of myself also .
" True , true ," cried Mr . Knightley , with most ready interposition -- " very true .
This is the living creature that I saw by the river of Chebar .
She has not the open temper which a man would wish for in a wife ."
7 : 47 And Solomon left all the vessels unweighed , because they were exceeding many : neither was the weight of the brass found out .
11 : 25 Then David said unto the messenger , Thus shalt thou say unto Joab , Let not this thing displease thee , for the sword devoureth one as well as another : make thy battle more strong against the city , and overthrow it : and encourage thou him .
19 : 13 And it was so , when Elijah heard it , that he wrapped his face in his mantle , and went out , and stood in the entering in of the cave .
But his armourbearer would not ; for he was sore afraid .
2 : 36 And Attai begat Nathan , and Nathan begat Zabad , 2 : 37 And Zabad begat Ephlal , and Ephlal begat Obed , 2 : 38 And Obed begat Jehu , and Jehu begat Azariah , 2 : 39 And Azariah begat Helez , and Helez begat Eleasah , 2 : 40 And Eleasah begat Sisamai , and Sisamai begat Shallum , 2 : 41 And Shallum begat Jekamiah , and Jekamiah begat Elishama .
And he urged him , and bound two talents of silver in two bags , with two changes of garments , and laid them upon two of his servants ; and they bare them before him .
55 : 6 Seek ye the LORD while he may be found , call ye upon him while he is near : 55 : 7 Let the wicked forsake his way , and the unrighteous man his thoughts : and let him return unto the LORD , and he will have mercy upon him ; and to our God , for he will abundantly pardon .
And last night he was with us so happy , so cheerful , so affectionate ?
8 : 1 O LORD , our Lord , how excellent is thy name in all the earth !
Selah .
14 : 23 I will also make it a possession for the bittern , and pools of water : and I will sweep it with the besom of destruction , saith the LORD of hosts .
" Edward talks of going to Oxford soon ," said she ; " but now he is lodging at No .
And the messengers returned , and told the king .
I shall always have a great regard for the Miss Martins , especially Elizabeth , and should be very sorry to give them up , for they are quite as well educated as me .
We never heard of such things at Maple Grove ."
Weston ."
These things teach and exhort .
The Crofts must be in Bath !
33 : 10 Thus saith the LORD ; Again there shall be heard in this place , which ye say shall be desolate without man and without beast , even in the cities of Judah , and in the streets of Jerusalem , that are desolate , without man , and without inhabitant , and without beast , 33 : 11 The voice of joy , and the voice of gladness , the voice of the bridegroom , and the voice of the bride , the voice of them that shall say , Praise the LORD of hosts : for the LORD is good ; for his mercy endureth for ever : and of them that shall bring the sacrifice of praise into the house of the LORD .
8 : 14 And he appointed , according to the order of David his father , the courses of the priests to their service , and the Levites to their charges , to praise and minister before the priests , as the duty of every day required : the porters also by their courses at every gate : for so had David the man of God commanded .
We were speaking of it only yesterday , and agreeing how fortunate it was for Emma , that there should be such a girl in Highbury for her to associate with .
Here she took out her handkerchief ; but Elinor did not feel very compassionate .
And the man of God said , Let her alone ; for her soul is vexed within her : and the LORD hath hid it from me , and hath not told me .
She had not seen him before since his engagement became public , and therefore not since his knowing her to be acquainted with it ; which , with the consciousness of what she had been thinking of , and what she had to tell him , made her feel particularly uncomfortable for some minutes .
Anne had the whole history of all that such an evening could supply from Lady Russell .
5 : 7 Then answered Esther , and said , My petition and my request is ; 5 : 8 If I have found favour in the sight of the king , and if it please the king to grant my petition , and to perform my request , let the king and Haman come to the banquet that I shall prepare for them , and I will do to morrow as the king hath said .
13 : 9 The light of the righteous rejoiceth : but the lamp of the wicked shall be put out .
My partiality does not blind me ; he certainly is not so handsome as Willoughby -- but at the same time , there is something much more pleasing in his countenance .-- There was always a something ,-- if you remember ,-- in Willoughby ' s eyes at times , which I did not like ."
74 : 8 They said in their hearts , Let us destroy them together : they have burned up all the synagogues of God in the land .
3 : 8 Now in the second year of their coming unto the house of God at Jerusalem , in the second month , began Zerubbabel the son of Shealtiel , and Jeshua the son of Jozadak , and the remnant of their brethren the priests and the Levites , and all they that were come out of the captivity unto Jerusalem ; and appointed the Levites , from twenty years old and upward , to set forward the work of the house of the LORD .
Sweet joy befall thee !
7 : 23 And what one nation in the earth is like thy people , even like Israel , whom God went to redeem for a people to himself , and to make him a name , and to do for you great things and terrible , for thy land , before thy people , which thou redeemedst to thee from Egypt , from the nations and their gods ?
And Pharaoh awoke , and , behold , it was a dream .
" Oh !
18 : 19 And they cast dust on their heads , and cried , weeping and wailing , saying , Alas , alas that great city , wherein were made rich all that had ships in the sea by reason of her costliness !
I believe he is one of the very best - tempered men that ever existed .
To the Great House accordingly they went , to sit the full half hour in the old - fashioned square parlour , with a small carpet and shining floor , to which the present daughters of the house were gradually giving the proper air of confusion by a grand piano - forte and a harp , flower - stands and little tables placed in every direction .
Young and gentle as she was , it might yet have been possible to withstand her father ' s ill - will , though unsoftened by one kind word or look on the part of her sister ; but Lady Russell , whom she had always loved and relied on , could not , with such steadiness of opinion , and such tenderness of manner , be continually advising her in vain .
4 : 15 And the elders of the congregation shall lay their hands upon the head of the bullock before the LORD : and the bullock shall be killed before the LORD .
12 : 24 Verily , verily , I say unto you , Except a corn of wheat fall into the ground and die , it abideth alone : but if it die , it bringeth forth much fruit .
8 : 3 So Joshua arose , and all the people of war , to go up against Ai : and Joshua chose out thirty thousand mighty men of valour , and sent them away by night .
15 : 16 But in the fourth generation they shall come hither again : for the iniquity of the Amorites is not yet full .
And they reasoned with themselves , saying , If we shall say , From heaven ; he will say unto us , Why did ye not then believe him ?
9 : 20 And Phinehas the son of Eleazar was the ruler over them in time past , and the LORD was with him .
3 : 20 Now unto him that is able to do exceeding abundantly above all that we ask or think , according to the power that worketh in us , 3 : 21 Unto him be glory in the church by Christ Jesus throughout all ages , world without end .
10 : 6 But the righteousness which is of faith speaketh on this wise , Say not in thine heart , Who shall ascend into heaven ?
12 : 3 Therefore with joy shall ye draw water out of the wells of salvation .
32 : 8 All the bright lights of heaven will I make dark over thee , and set darkness upon thy land , saith the Lord GOD .
But , perhaps -- I may be equally in the way here .
Emma scarcely heard what was said .-- Her mind was divided between two ideas -- her own former conversations with him about Miss Fairfax ; and poor Harriet ;-- and for some time she could only exclaim , and require confirmation , repeated confirmation .
40 : 2 In the visions of God brought he me into the land of Israel , and set me upon a very high mountain , by which was as the frame of a city on the south .
said Sir Walter .
11 : 15 And the LORD shall utterly destroy the tongue of the Egyptian sea ; and with his mighty wind shall he shake his hand over the river , and shall smite it in the seven streams , and make men go over dryshod .
69 : 30 I will praise the name of God with a song , and will magnify him with thanksgiving .
2 : 2 And Ruth the Moabitess said unto Naomi , Let me now go to the field , and glean ears of corn after him in whose sight I shall find grace .
The interruption had been short , though severe , and ease and animation returned to most of those they left as the door shut them out , but not to Anne .
35 : 2 Six days shall work be done , but on the seventh day there shall be to you an holy day , a sabbath of rest to the LORD : whosoever doeth work therein shall be put to death .
16 : 3 Thus shall Aaron come into the holy place : with a young bullock for a sin offering , and a ram for a burnt offering .
7 : 11 For thus Amos saith , Jeroboam shall die by the sword , and Israel shall surely be led away captive out of their own land .
4 : 2 Ye lust , and have not : ye kill , and desire to have , and cannot obtain : ye fight and war , yet ye have not , because ye ask not .
18 : 14 Then said Joab , I may not tarry thus with thee .
23 : 13 But he is in one mind , and who can turn him ?
3 : 12 And all nations shall call you blessed : for ye shall be a delightsome land , saith the LORD of hosts .
" Well , I believe , if you will excuse me , Mr . Knightley , if you will not consider me as doing a very rude thing , I shall take Emma ' s advice and go out for a quarter of an hour .
And the next moment she was hating herself for the folly which asked the question .
18 : 23 And Abraham drew near , and said , Wilt thou also destroy the righteous with the wicked ?
" The shame ," he answered , " is all mine , or ought to be .
8 : 27 And Jesus went out , and his disciples , into the towns of Caesarea Philippi : and by the way he asked his disciples , saying unto them , Whom do men say that I am ?
11 : 21 Of the three , he was more honourable than the two ; for he was their captain : howbeit he attained not to the first three .
9 : 3 And as he journeyed , he came near Damascus : and suddenly there shined round about him a light from heaven : 9 : 4 And he fell to the earth , and heard a voice saying unto him , Saul , Saul , why persecutest thou me ?
Emma was sadly fearful that this second disappointment would be more severe than the first .
6 : 17 But thou , when thou fastest , anoint thine head , and wash thy face ; 6 : 18 That thou appear not unto men to fast , but unto thy Father which is in secret : and thy Father , which seeth in secret , shall reward thee openly .
And he said to him , Here am I .
said Marianne ; " my dear Edward , this must not be ."
10 : 23 But when they persecute you in this city , flee ye into another : for verily I say unto you , Ye shall not have gone over the cities of Israel , till the Son of man be come .
26 : 11 The LORD forbid that I should stretch forth mine hand against the LORD ' s anointed : but , I pray thee , take thou now the spear that is at his bolster , and the cruse of water , and let us go .
28 : 44 He shall lend to thee , and thou shalt not lend to him : he shall be the head , and thou shalt be the tail .
One feels that it cannot be a very long acquaintance .
16 : 17 And Jesus answered and said unto him , Blessed art thou , Simon Barjona : for flesh and blood hath not revealed it unto thee , but my Father which is in heaven .
she cried .--" Well !"
6 : 15 Know ye not that your bodies are the members of Christ ?
17 : 30 Even thus shall it be in the day when the Son of man is revealed .
13 : 11 And now , behold , the hand of the Lord is upon thee , and thou shalt be blind , not seeing the sun for a season .
27 : 11 But the nations that bring their neck under the yoke of the king of Babylon , and serve him , those will I let remain still in their own land , saith the LORD ; and they shall till it , and dwell therein .
8 : 45 And Jesus said , Who touched me ?
8 : 10 And he said , To morrow .
9 : 16 If I had called , and he had answered me ; yet would I not believe that he had hearkened unto my voice .
O grave , where is thy victory ?
" Did not you know ," said Willoughby , " that we had been out in my curricle ?"
2 : 38 And Shimei said unto the king , The saying is good : as my lord the king hath said , so will thy servant do .
said Emma , highly amused .--" Mr .
Mr . Weston must be quiet , and every thing deliberately arranged .
5 : 29 And Levi made him a great feast in his own house : and there was a great company of publicans and of others that sat down with them .
He had wanted very much to go abroad -- had been very eager indeed to be allowed to travel -- but she would not hear of it .
12 : 23 A prudent man concealeth knowledge : but the heart of fools proclaimeth foolishness .
" to exemplify : a beautiful glossy nut , which , blessed with original strength , has outlived all the storms of autumn .
She had understood it was to be delayed till Colonel Campbell ' s return ."
1 : 5 And it shall come to pass at that day , that I will break the bow of Israel , in the valley of Jezreel .
9 : 11 Wherefore our elders and all the inhabitants of our country spake to us , saying , Take victuals with you for the journey , and go to meet them , and say unto them , We are your servants : therefore now make ye a league with us .
23 : 36 Verily I say unto you , All these things shall come upon this generation .
And his mother ' s name was Hamutal the daughter of Jeremiah of Libnah .
I know that he can speak well .
Her pulse was much stronger , and every symptom more favourable than on the preceding visit .
If they are anxious to see you _happily_ married , here is a man whose amiable character gives every assurance of it ;-- if they wish to have you settled in the same country and circle which they have chosen to place you in , here it will be accomplished ; and if their only object is that you should , in the common phrase , be _well_ married , here is the comfortable fortune , the respectable establishment , the rise in the world which must satisfy them ."
4 : 24 The sons of Simeon were , Nemuel , and Jamin , Jarib , Zerah , and Shaul : 4 : 25 Shallum his son , Mibsam his son , Mishma his son .
42 : 24 Who gave Jacob for a spoil , and Israel to the robbers ?
" I know that you all love her really too well to be unjust or unkind ; but excuse me , Mr . Knightley , if I take the liberty ( I consider myself , you know , as having somewhat of the privilege of speech that Emma ' s mother might have had ) the liberty of hinting that I do not think any possible good can arise from Harriet Smith ' s intimacy being made a matter of much discussion among you .
He told her the news .
31 : 2 What , my son ?
Pity for him was all over .
Wot ye not what the scripture saith of Elias ?
5 : 9 And immediately the man was made whole , and took up his bed , and walked : and on the same day was the sabbath .
She had sent while dressing , and the answer had been , " Much the same -- not better ."
is not Samaria as Damascus ?
My mother says the orchard was always famous in her younger days .
So far all was perfectly right ; but Lady Russell was almost startled by the wrong of one part of the Kellynch Hall plan , when it burst on her , which was , Mrs Clay ' s being engaged to go to Bath with Sir Walter and Elizabeth , as a most important and valuable assistant to the latter in all the business before her .
" Here is some mistake I am sure -- some dreadful mistake .
Mr . Palmer maintained the common , but unfatherly opinion among his sex , of all infants being alike ; and though she could plainly perceive , at different times , the most striking resemblance between this baby and every one of his relations on both sides , there was no convincing his father of it ; no persuading him to believe that it was not exactly like every other baby of the same age ; nor could he even be brought to acknowledge the simple proposition of its being the finest child in the world .
28 : 1 And it came to pass in those days , that the Philistines gathered their armies together for warfare , to fight with Israel .
106 : 10 And he saved them from the hand of him that hated them , and redeemed them from the hand of the enemy .
5 : 29 Then Peter and the other apostles answered and said , We ought to obey God rather than men .
5 : 8 Then came in all the king ' s wise men : but they could not read the writing , nor make known to the king the interpretation thereof .
7 : 15 Though I have bound and strengthened their arms , yet do they imagine mischief against me .
4 : 13 For the promise , that he should be the heir of the world , was not to Abraham , or to his seed , through the law , but through the righteousness of faith .
3 : 15 He hath filled me with bitterness , he hath made me drunken with wormwood .
49 : 24 Shall the prey be taken from the mighty , or the lawful captive delivered ?
I always say this is quite one of the evils of matrimony ."
On the present occasion , for the better entertainment of their visitor , towards whose amusement he felt himself bound to contribute , he wished to engage them for both .
Little Henry was in her thoughts , and a mixture of alarm and delicacy made her irresolute what else to say .
And they had brick for stone , and slime had they for morter .
Marianne coloured as she replied , " But most people do ."
9 : 39 Then Peter arose and went with them .
and they smote him with their hands .
The girls were wild for dancing ; and the evenings ended , occasionally , in an unpremeditated little ball .
9 : 33 And Moses went out of the city from Pharaoh , and spread abroad his hands unto the LORD : and the thunders and hail ceased , and the rain was not poured upon the earth .
25 : 21 And thou shalt put the mercy seat above upon the ark ; and in the ark thou shalt put the testimony that I shall give thee .
24 : 8 And they remembered his words , 24 : 9 And returned from the sepulchre , and told all these things unto the eleven , and to all the rest .
9 : 39 And Ner begat Kish ; and Kish begat Saul ; and Saul begat Jonathan , and Malchishua , and Abinadab , and Eshbaal .
It so happened that while her two sisters with Mrs . Jennings were first calling on her in Harley Street , another of her acquaintance had dropt in -- a circumstance in itself not apparently likely to produce evil to her .
How does Charlotte do ?
59 : 12 For the sin of their mouth and the words of their lips let them even be taken in their pride : and for cursing and lying which they speak .
78 : 54 And he brought them to the border of his sanctuary , even to this mountain , which his right hand had purchased .
That young man ( speaking lower ) is very thoughtless .
She is loveliness itself .
30 : 15 The horseleach hath two daughters , crying , Give , give .
4 : 15 Meditate upon these things ; give thyself wholly to them ; that thy profiting may appear to all .
29 : 10 The LORD sitteth upon the flood ; yea , the LORD sitteth King for ever .
And not sit both night and day , Wiping all our tears away ?
4 : 12 And David commanded his young men , and they slew them , and cut off their hands and their feet , and hanged them up over the pool in Hebron .
In every other respect , in looking around her , or penetrating forward , she saw more to distrust and to apprehend .
" No , ma ' am , only they two ."
23 : 4 And I will set up shepherds over them which shall feed them : and they shall fear no more , nor be dismayed , neither shall they be lacking , saith the LORD .
She hates whist I know ; but is there no round game she cares for ?"
And they pressed sore upon the man , even Lot , and came near to break the door .
At nineteen , you know , one does not think very seriously ; but Mr Elliot appeared to me quite as good as others , and much more agreeable than most others , and we were almost always together .
Perhaps it is about Miss Williams and , by the bye , I dare say it is , because he looked so conscious when I mentioned her .
Perhaps it is paid already .
4 : 7 And the sons of Helah were , Zereth , and Jezoar , and Ethnan .
5 : 32 And he looked round about to see her that had done this thing .
I could not have visited Mrs . Robert Martin , of Abbey - Mill Farm .
89 : 11 The heavens are thine , the earth also is thine : as for the world and the fulness thereof , thou hast founded them .
38 : 13 And it was told Tamar , saying , Behold thy father in law goeth up to Timnath to shear his sheep .
14 : 11 As the waters fail from the sea , and the flood decayeth and drieth up : 14 : 12 So man lieth down , and riseth not : till the heavens be no more , they shall not awake , nor be raised out of their sleep .
Queen of the vales the Lily answered , ask the tender cloud , And it shall tell thee why it glitters in the morning sky .
18 : 5 And when Silas and Timotheus were come from Macedonia , Paul was pressed in the spirit , and testified to the Jews that Jesus was Christ .
I shall talk about it to him ; he will settle for me ; he will help me out of all my difficulties .'
4 : 11 Then the devil leaveth him , and , behold , angels came and ministered unto him .
" No , I cannot think that .
is it to bow down his head as a bulrush , and to spread sackcloth and ashes under him ?
44 : 21 Shall not God search this out ?
10 : 13 As for the wheels , it was cried unto them in my hearing , O wheel .
31 : 14 And Rachel and Leah answered and said unto him , Is there yet any portion or inheritance for us in our father ' s house ?
43 : 14 Thus saith the LORD , your redeemer , the Holy One of Israel ; For your sake I have sent to Babylon , and have brought down all their nobles , and the Chaldeans , whose cry is in the ships .
22 : 2 And it came to pass in the third year , that Jehoshaphat the king of Judah came down to the king of Israel .
29 : 11 For I know the thoughts that I think toward you , saith the LORD , thoughts of peace , and not of evil , to give you an expected end .
3 : 25 But thou , O son of man , behold , they shall put bands upon thee , and shall bind thee with them , and thou shalt not go out among them : 3 : 26 And I will make thy tongue cleave to the roof of thy mouth , that thou shalt be dumb , and shalt not be to them a reprover : for they are a rebellious house .
4 : 12 And they shewed Sisera that Barak the son of Abinoam was gone up to mount Tabor .
But then Patty came in , and said it was you .
Dorsetshire !
13 : 9 And mine hand shall be upon the prophets that see vanity , and that divine lies : they shall not be in the assembly of my people , neither shall they be written in the writing of the house of Israel , neither shall they enter into the land of Israel ; and ye shall know that I am the Lord GOD .
25 : 18 Against whom when the accusers stood up , they brought none accusation of such things as I supposed : 25 : 19 But had certain questions against him of their own superstition , and of one Jesus , which was dead , whom Paul affirmed to be alive .
Perhaps you might notice the ring when you saw him ?"
18 : 49 Therefore will I give thanks unto thee , O LORD , among the heathen , and sing praises unto thy name .
separate thyself , I pray thee , from me : if thou wilt take the left hand , then I will go to the right ; or if thou depart to the right hand , then I will go to the left .
So I awoke .
I have shewed thee new things from this time , even hidden things , and thou didst not know them .
14 : 16 David therefore did as God commanded him : and they smote the host of the Philistines from Gibeon even to Gazer .
1 : 42 And he brought him to Jesus .
Such behaviour as this , so exactly the reverse of her own , appeared no more meritorious to Marianne , than her own had seemed faulty to her .
4 : 7 And he said , Put thine hand into thy bosom again .
18 : 24 Therefore hath the LORD recompensed me according to my righteousness , according to the cleanness of my hands in his eyesight .
or who will stand up for me against the workers of iniquity ?
" Oh !
2 : 1 Thou therefore , my son , be strong in the grace that is in Christ Jesus .
11 : 22 And Serug lived thirty years , and begat Nahor : 11 : 23 And Serug lived after he begat Nahor two hundred years , and begat sons and daughters .
Anne had never submitted more reluctantly to the jealous and ill - judging claims of Mary ; but so it must be , and they set off for the town , Charles taking care of his sister , and Captain Benwick attending to her .
19 : 4 And his father in law , the damsel ' s father , retained him ; and he abode with him three days : so they did eat and drink , and lodged there .
We copied it from the Elegant Extracts .
His first proposition and request , that the dance begun at Mr . Cole ' s should be finished there -- that the same party should be collected , and the same musician engaged , met with the readiest acquiescence .
" Perhaps ," said Elinor , smiling , " we may come to the same point .
tell me them , I pray you .
To suffer her to engage herself -- to suffer her even to think of such a measure !"
35 : 3 Strengthen ye the weak hands , and confirm the feeble knees .
But how she contrives it without reflecting on the character of her own father , who had himself two wives , I know not .
119 : 35 Make me to go in the path of thy commandments ; for therein do I delight .
" I do not consider its length as particularly in its favour .
36 : 13 But the hypocrites in heart heap up wrath : they cry not when he bindeth them .
" I certainly do forget to think of _her_ ," said Emma , " as having ever been any thing but my friend and my dearest friend ."
20 : 20 And they watched him , and sent forth spies , which should feign themselves just men , that they might take hold of his words , that so they might deliver him unto the power and authority of the governor .
37 : 5 So the servants of king Hezekiah came to Isaiah .
32 : 19 For we will not inherit with them on yonder side Jordan , or forward ; because our inheritance is fallen to us on this side Jordan eastward .
10 : 17 For how can the servant of this my lord talk with this my lord ?
24 : 3 Who shall ascend into the hill of the LORD ?
21 : 17 And he left them , and went out of the city into Bethany ; and he lodged there .
6 : 30 And it came to pass , when the king heard the words of the woman , that he rent his clothes ; and he passed by upon the wall , and the people looked , and , behold , he had sackcloth within upon his flesh .
37 : 32 The wicked watcheth the righteous , and seeketh to slay him .
I was quite a proverb for it at Maple Grove .
1 : 12 And he shall cut it into his pieces , with his head and his fat : and the priest shall lay them in order on the wood that is on the fire which is upon the altar : 1 : 13 But he shall wash the inwards and the legs with water : and the priest shall bring it all , and burn it upon the altar : it is a burnt sacrifice , an offering made by fire , of a sweet savour unto the LORD .
Towards the end of Jane ' s second song , her voice grew thick .
34 : 29 And it came to pass , when Moses came down from mount Sinai with the two tables of testimony in Moses ' hand , when he came down from the mount , that Moses wist not that the skin of his face shone while he talked with him .
He had long made up his mind to Jane Fairfax ' s going out as governess , and could talk of it cheerfully , but Mr . Knightley ' s going to London had been an unexpected blow .
Can I see another ' s grief , And not seek for kind relief ?
As John Dashwood had no more pleasure in music than his eldest sister , his mind was equally at liberty to fix on any thing else ; and a thought struck him during the evening , which he communicated to his wife , for her approbation , when they got home .
And the king stood by the gate side , and all the people came out by hundreds and by thousands .
16 : 14 Wherefore the well was called Beerlahairoi ; behold , it is between Kadesh and Bered .
5 : 9 Moreover the profit of the earth is for all : the king himself is served by the field .
9 : 13 And the LORD said unto Moses , Rise up early in the morning , and stand before Pharaoh , and say unto him , Thus saith the LORD God of the Hebrews , Let my people go , that they may serve me .
He listened in perfect silence .
56 : 2 Mine enemies would daily swallow me up : for they be many that fight against me , O thou most High .
I made sure of its being nothing but a common love letter , and you know young people like to be laughed at about them .
" Have I ?"
12 : 9 Who knoweth not in all these that the hand of the LORD hath wrought this ?
And he said unto me , To measure Jerusalem , to see what is the breadth thereof , and what is the length thereof .
It is not likely that I should now see or hear any thing to change them ."
23 : 12 And the same day Pilate and Herod were made friends together : for before they were at enmity between themselves .
And now come , I will send thee into Egypt .
2 : 1 Therefore we ought to give the more earnest heed to the things which we have heard , lest at any time we should let them slip .
Most cordially , when Miss Bates arrived , did she agree that it must .
78 : 46 He gave also their increase unto the caterpiller , and their labour unto the locust .
4 : 2 And when he had fasted forty days and forty nights , he was afterward an hungred .
3 : 26 And her gates shall lament and mourn ; and she being desolate shall sit upon the ground .
25 : 1 The word of the LORD came again unto me , saying , 25 : 2 Son of man , set thy face against the Ammonites , and prophesy against them ; 25 : 3 And say unto the Ammonites , Hear the word of the Lord GOD ; Thus saith the Lord GOD ; Because thou saidst , Aha , against my sanctuary , when it was profaned ; and against the land of Israel , when it was desolate ; and against the house of Judah , when they went into captivity ; 25 : 4 Behold , therefore I will deliver thee to the men of the east for a possession , and they shall set their palaces in thee , and make their dwellings in thee : they shall eat thy fruit , and they shall drink thy milk .
38 : 25 And the silver of them that were numbered of the congregation was an hundred talents , and a thousand seven hundred and threescore and fifteen shekels , after the shekel of the sanctuary : 38 : 26 A bekah for every man , that is , half a shekel , after the shekel of the sanctuary , for every one that went to be numbered , from twenty years old and upward , for six hundred thousand and three thousand and five hundred and fifty men .
This is the law for her that hath born a male or a female .
And his hand , which he put forth against him , dried up , so that he could not pull it in again to him .
1 : 37 For with God nothing shall be impossible .
" Pipe a song about a Lamb !"
Anne ," cried her sister , " you can talk of nothing but beaux ;-- you will make Miss Dashwood believe you think of nothing else ."
15 : 16 And Samson said , With the jawbone of an ass , heaps upon heaps , with the jaw of an ass have I slain a thousand men .
25 : 1 And the LORD spake unto Moses in mount Sinai , saying , 25 : 2 Speak unto the children of Israel , and say unto them , When ye come into the land which I give you , then shall the land keep a sabbath unto the LORD .
18 : 26 The servant therefore fell down , and worshipped him , saying , Lord , have patience with me , and I will pay thee all .
But they cried out the more , saying , Let him be crucified .
So Israel departed unto their tents .
Well THAT is an odd kind of delicacy !
Who hath ears to hear , let him hear .
Shall I and thy mother and thy brethren indeed come to bow down ourselves to thee to the earth ?
2 : 3 And he said unto me , Son of man , I send thee to the children of Israel , to a rebellious nation that hath rebelled against me : they and their fathers have transgressed against me , even unto this very day .
32 : 7 The instruments also of the churl are evil : he deviseth wicked devices to destroy the poor with lying words , even when the needy speaketh right .
14 : 40 Let all things be done decently and in order .
26 : 15 And thou shalt make boards for the tabernacle of shittim wood standing up .
Frederick !
10 : 21 And the Kohathites set forward , bearing the sanctuary : and the other did set up the tabernacle against they came .
20 : 14 And Moses sent messengers from Kadesh unto the king of Edom , Thus saith thy brother Israel , Thou knowest all the travail that hath befallen us : 20 : 15 How our fathers went down into Egypt , and we have dwelt in Egypt a long time ; and the Egyptians vexed us , and our fathers : 20 : 16 And when we cried unto the LORD , he heard our voice , and sent an angel , and hath brought us forth out of Egypt : and , behold , we are in Kadesh , a city in the uttermost of thy border : 20 : 17 Let us pass , I pray thee , through thy country : we will not pass through the fields , or through the vineyards , neither will we drink of the water of the wells : we will go by the king ' s high way , we will not turn to the right hand nor to the left , until we have passed thy borders .
cease then , and let me alone , that I may take comfort a little , 10 : 21 Before I go whence I shall not return , even to the land of darkness and the shadow of death ; 10 : 22 A land of darkness , as darkness itself ; and of the shadow of death , without any order , and where the light is as darkness .
51 : 5 Behold , I was shapen in iniquity ; and in sin did my mother conceive me .
22 : 18 And the king of Israel said unto Jehoshaphat , Did I not tell thee that he would prophesy no good concerning me , but evil ?
21 : 14 But if a man come presumptuously upon his neighbour , to slay him with guile ; thou shalt take him from mine altar , that he may die .
1 : 2 ( There are eleven days ' journey from Horeb by the way of mount Seir unto Kadeshbarnea .)
23 : 47 And the company shall stone them with stones , and dispatch them with their swords ; they shall slay their sons and their daughters , and burn up their houses with fire .
But hardly were they so settled , when the door opened again , and Captain Wentworth walked in alone .
It was a very useful note , for it supplied them with fresh matter for thought and conversation during the rest of their lonely evening .
49 : 32 And their camels shall be a booty , and the multitude of their cattle a spoil : and I will scatter into all winds them that are in the utmost corners ; and I will bring their calamity from all sides thereof , saith the LORD .
I fear that I am not like thee : For I walk through the vales of Har , and smell the sweetest flowers : But I feed not the little flowers : I hear the warbling birds , But I feed not the warbling birds , they fly and seek their food : But Thel delights in these no more because I fade away And all shall say , without a use this shining women liv ' d , Or did she only live to be at death the food of worms .
3 : 9 Now therefore , behold , the cry of the children of Israel is come unto me : and I have also seen the oppression wherewith the Egyptians oppress them .
8 : 12 And an host was given him against the daily sacrifice by reason of transgression , and it cast down the truth to the ground ; and it practised , and prospered .
39 : 4 And it came to pass , that when Zedekiah the king of Judah saw them , and all the men of war , then they fled , and went forth out of the city by night , by the way of the king ' s garden , by the gate betwixt the two walls : and he went out the way of the plain .
Such a heart -- such a Harriet !
27 : 57 When the even was come , there came a rich man of Arimathaea , named Joseph , who also himself was Jesus ' disciple : 27 : 58 He went to Pilate , and begged the body of Jesus .
" I was afraid you would think I was taking a great liberty with you ," said she , " in telling you all this .
8 : 19 And I have given the Levites as a gift to Aaron and to his sons from among the children of Israel , to do the service of the children of Israel in the tabernacle of the congregation , and to make an atonement for the children of Israel : that there be no plague among the children of Israel , when the children of Israel come nigh unto the sanctuary .
5 : 18 For verily I say unto you , Till heaven and earth pass , one jot or one tittle shall in no wise pass from the law , till all be fulfilled .
20 : 30 Then Saul ' s anger was kindled against Jonathan , and he said unto him , Thou son of the perverse rebellious woman , do not I know that thou hast chosen the son of Jesse to thine own confusion , and unto the confusion of thy mother ' s nakedness ?
17 : 11 And now I am no more in the world , but these are in the world , and I come to thee .
1 : 9 And God said , Let the waters under the heaven be gathered together unto one place , and let the dry land appear : and it was so .
20 : 16 To morrow go ye down against them : behold , they come up by the cliff of Ziz ; and ye shall find them at the end of the brook , before the wilderness of Jeruel .
What am I to tell you ?
And the king said , If he be alone , there is tidings in his mouth .
1 : 6 So the shipmaster came to him , and said unto him , What meanest thou , O sleeper ?
139 : 18 If I should count them , they are more in number than the sand : when I awake , I am still with thee .
The blind man said unto him , Lord , that I might receive my sight .
But happily , either Anne was improved in plumpness and looks , or Lady Russell fancied her so ; and Anne , in receiving her compliments on the occasion , had the amusement of connecting them with the silent admiration of her cousin , and of hoping that she was to be blessed with a second spring of youth and beauty .
" I think , Elinor ," she presently added , " we must employ Edward to take care of us in our return to Barton .
But the effort was painful .
she cried with a most open eagerness --" Never , for the twentieth part of a moment , did such an idea occur to me .
3 : 8 Also when I cry and shout , he shutteth out my prayer .
As they approached Barton , indeed , and entered on scenes of which every field and every tree brought some peculiar , some painful recollection , she grew silent and thoughtful , and turning away her face from their notice , sat earnestly gazing through the window .
7 : 17 And the flood was forty days upon the earth ; and the waters increased , and bare up the ark , and it was lift up above the earth .
He has been gone only four weeks ."
14 : 6 And Joshua the son of Nun , and Caleb the son of Jephunneh , which were of them that searched the land , rent their clothes : 14 : 7 And they spake unto all the company of the children of Israel , saying , The land , which we passed through to search it , is an exceeding good land .
2 : 23 The men of Anathoth , an hundred twenty and eight .
She did not repent what she had done ; she still thought herself a better judge of such a point of female right and refinement than he could be ; but yet she had a sort of habitual respect for his judgment in general , which made her dislike having it so loudly against her ; and to have him sitting just opposite to her in angry state , was very disagreeable .
8 : 35 And the sons of Micah were , Pithon , and Melech , and Tarea , and Ahaz .
1 : 19 But other of the apostles saw I none , save James the Lord ' s brother .
I will seek it yet again .
We will put it by , that when he comes again ... But it may be months , perhaps , before THAT happens ."
27 : 21 But after long abstinence Paul stood forth in the midst of them , and said , Sirs , ye should have hearkened unto me , and not have loosed from Crete , and to have gained this harm and loss .
3 : 19 For that which befalleth the sons of men befalleth beasts ; even one thing befalleth them : as the one dieth , so dieth the other ; yea , they have all one breath ; so that a man hath no preeminence above a beast : for all is vanity .
Mrs . Dashwood would have interrupted her instantly with soothing tenderness , had not Elinor , who really wished to hear her sister ' s unbiased opinion , by an eager sign , engaged her silence .
said Jane , shaking her head ; " dear Mrs . Elton , who can have thought of it as I have done ?"
18 : 28 Then led they Jesus from Caiaphas unto the hall of judgment : and it was early ; and they themselves went not into the judgment hall , lest they should be defiled ; but that they might eat the passover .
Peculiarly lucky !-- for as to any real knowledge of a person ' s disposition that Bath , or any public place , can give -- it is all nothing ; there can be no knowledge .
8 : 16 Now all the work of Solomon was prepared unto the day of the foundation of the house of the LORD , and until it was finished .
But there was nobody to stir in it .
26 : 19 And I will break the pride of your power ; and I will make your heaven as iron , and your earth as brass : 26 : 20 And your strength shall be spent in vain : for your land shall not yield her increase , neither shall the trees of the land yield their fruits .
1 : 16 And I charged your judges at that time , saying , Hear the causes between your brethren , and judge righteously between every man and his brother , and the stranger that is with him .
17 : 2 And he placed forces in all the fenced cities of Judah , and set garrisons in the land of Judah , and in the cities of Ephraim , which Asa his father had taken .
But this was the only point of relief .
16 : 23 Sing unto the LORD , all the earth ; shew forth from day to day his salvation .
The day approached , the day arrived ; and after a morning of some anxious watching , Frank Churchill , in all the certainty of his own self , reached Randalls before dinner , and every thing was safe .
3 : 11 For if that which is done away was glorious , much more that which remaineth is glorious .
102 : 1 Hear my prayer , O LORD , and let my cry come unto thee .
13 : 2 And Abram was very rich in cattle , in silver , and in gold .
A little curiosity Emma had ; and she made the most of it while her friend related .
31 : 30 But every one shall die for his own iniquity : every man that eateth the sour grape , his teeth shall be set on edge .
4 : 6 For the punishment of the iniquity of the daughter of my people is greater than the punishment of the sin of Sodom , that was overthrown as in a moment , and no hands stayed on her .
He would have had a wife of whose temper he could make no complaint , but he would have been always necessitous -- always poor ; and probably would soon have learned to rank the innumerable comforts of a clear estate and good income as of far more importance , even to domestic happiness , than the mere temper of a wife ."
3 : 12 He hath bent his bow , and set me as a mark for the arrow .
77 : 3 I remembered God , and was troubled : I complained , and my spirit was overwhelmed .
22 : 24 Make no friendship with an angry man ; and with a furious man thou shalt not go : 22 : 25 Lest thou learn his ways , and get a snare to thy soul .
But she was always right .
When ye say , Every one that doeth evil is good in the sight of the LORD , and he delighteth in them ; or , Where is the God of judgment ?
even so the things of God knoweth no man , but the Spirit of God .
21 : 40 When the lord therefore of the vineyard cometh , what will he do unto those husbandmen ?
22 : 1 Now the feast of unleavened bread drew nigh , which is called the Passover .
98 : 9 Before the LORD ; for he cometh to judge the earth : with righteousness shall he judge the world , and the people with equity .
22 : 31 Therefore shall ye keep my commandments , and do them : I am the LORD .
and they that handle the law knew me not : the pastors also transgressed against me , and the prophets prophesied by Baal , and walked after things that do not profit .
for we ourselves have heard of his own mouth .
7 : 42 The children of Harim , a thousand and seventeen .
8 : 61 Let your heart therefore be perfect with the LORD our God , to walk in his statutes , and to keep his commandments , as at this day .
Mr . and Mrs . John Knightley were not detained long at Hartfield .
They have no mercy on her ."
11 : 20 But Sihon trusted not Israel to pass through his coast : but Sihon gathered all his people together , and pitched in Jahaz , and fought against Israel .
But I hope , Miss Woodhouse , that supposing -- that if -- strange as it may appear --.
11 : 15 Therefore it is no great thing if his ministers also be transformed as the ministers of righteousness ; whose end shall be according to their works .
46 : 3 Likewise the people of the land shall worship at the door of this gate before the LORD in the sabbaths and in the new moons .
Stokes .-- Every body invited , was certainly to come ; Frank had already written to Enscombe to propose staying a few days beyond his fortnight , which could not possibly be refused .
" Now , ma ' am ," said Jane to her aunt , " shall we join Mrs .
68 : 24 They have seen thy goings , O God ; even the goings of my God , my King , in the sanctuary .
6 : 20 And the oracle in the forepart was twenty cubits in length , and twenty cubits in breadth , and twenty cubits in the height thereof : and he overlaid it with pure gold ; and so covered the altar which was of cedar .
and could not seriously picture to herself a more agreeable or estimable man .
1 : 5 And it was so , when the days of their feasting were gone about , that Job sent and sanctified them , and rose up early in the morning , and offered burnt offerings according to the number of them all : for Job said , It may be that my sons have sinned , and cursed God in their hearts .
Jane she had a distinct glimpse of , looking extremely ill ; and , before the door had shut them out , she heard Miss Bates saying , " Well , my dear , I shall _say_ you are laid down upon the bed , and I am sure you are ill enough ."
8 : 20 But Peter said unto him , Thy money perish with thee , because thou hast thought that the gift of God may be purchased with money .
" Your father will not be easy ; why do not you go ?"
26 : 1 In the beginning of the reign of Jehoiakim the son of Josiah king of Judah came this word from the LORD , saying , 26 : 2 Thus saith the LORD ; Stand in the court of the LORD ' s house , and speak unto all the cities of Judah , which come to worship in the LORD ' s house , all the words that I command thee to speak unto them ; diminish not a word : 26 : 3 If so be they will hearken , and turn every man from his evil way , that I may repent me of the evil , which I purpose to do unto them because of the evil of their doings .
9 : 28 Then they reviled him , and said , Thou art his disciple ; but we are Moses ' disciples .
And he lifted up his spear against three hundred , and slew them , and had the name among three .
As I tell Mr . E ., you are a thorough humourist .-- Yes , believe me , Knightley , I am fully sensible of your attention to me in the whole of this scheme .
" Excuse me ," said Jane earnestly , " I cannot by any means consent to such an arrangement , so needlessly troublesome to your servant .
23 : 5 So David and his men went to Keilah , and fought with the Philistines , and brought away their cattle , and smote them with a great slaughter .
He stopt again , rose again , and seemed quite embarrassed .-- He was more in love with her than Emma had supposed ; and who can say how it might have ended , if his father had not made his appearance ?
13 : 4 But ye are forgers of lies , ye are all physicians of no value .
Colonel Wallis said it , and Lady Russell saw it ; but it had been no unhappiness to sour his mind , nor ( she began pretty soon to suspect ) to prevent his thinking of a second choice .
I am sure you will agree with me ."
or shall the cold flowing waters that come from another place be forsaken ?
1 : 12 Art thou not from everlasting , O LORD my God , mine Holy One ?
And the Philistines came up , and burnt her and her father with fire .
3 : 21 A voice was heard upon the high places , weeping and supplications of the children of Israel : for they have perverted their way , and they have forgotten the LORD their God .
13 : 10 Because , even because they have seduced my people , saying , Peace ; and there was no peace ; and one built up a wall , and , lo , others daubed it with untempered morter : 13 : 11 Say unto them which daub it with untempered morter , that it shall fall : there shall be an overflowing shower ; and ye , O great hailstones , shall fall ; and a stormy wind shall rend it .
6 : 16 And what agreement hath the temple of God with idols ?
said she , when dinner was over and they had drawn round the fire ; " are you still to be a great orator in spite of yourself ?"
who ?
15 : 11 The LORD said , Verily it shall be well with thy remnant ; verily I will cause the enemy to entreat thee well in the time of evil and in the time of affliction .
" No ," said Emma , laughing ; " but perhaps there might be some made to his coming back again .
19 : 9 And when ye reap the harvest of your land , thou shalt not wholly reap the corners of thy field , neither shalt thou gather the gleanings of thy harvest .
4 : 32 And they were astonished at his doctrine : for his word was with power .
26 : 19 Whereupon , O king Agrippa , I was not disobedient unto the heavenly vision : 26 : 20 But shewed first unto them of Damascus , and at Jerusalem , and throughout all the coasts of Judaea , and then to the Gentiles , that they should repent and turn to God , and do works meet for repentance .
81 : 2 Take a psalm , and bring hither the timbrel , the pleasant harp with the psaltery .
27 : 22 And Jacob went near unto Isaac his father ; and he felt him , and said , The voice is Jacob ' s voice , but the hands are the hands of Esau .
6 : 34 Take therefore no thought for the morrow : for the morrow shall take thought for the things of itself .
A week to - morrow !-- And I have hardly begun to enjoy myself .
60 : 17 For brass I will bring gold , and for iron I will bring silver , and for wood brass , and for stones iron : I will also make thy officers peace , and thine exactors righteousness .
Mr . John Dashwood told his mother again and again how exceedingly sorry he was that she had taken a house at such a distance from Norland as to prevent his being of any service to her in removing her furniture .
" Strange that it would !"
He had spent his whole solitary evening in the room adjoining theirs ; had heard voices , mirth continually ; thought they must be a most delightful set of people , longed to be with them , but certainly without the smallest suspicion of his possessing the shadow of a right to introduce himself .
On that article , truth seemed attainable .
2 : 14 Is Israel a servant ?
23 : 44 And it was about the sixth hour , and there was a darkness over all the earth until the ninth hour .
She could then see more and judge better .
" No , sir ," replied his son , laughing , " I seem to have had it from nobody .-- Very odd !-- I really was persuaded of Mrs . Weston ' s having mentioned it in one of her letters to Enscombe , many weeks ago , with all these particulars -- but as she declares she never heard a syllable of it before , of course it must have been a dream .
14 : 19 And the angel thrust in his sickle into the earth , and gathered the vine of the earth , and cast it into the great winepress of the wrath of God .
11 : 12 And David said to Uriah , Tarry here to day also , and to morrow I will let thee depart .
3 : 12 Not as though I had already attained , either were already perfect : but I follow after , if that I may apprehend that for which also I am apprehended of Christ Jesus .
14 : 8 Nevertheless my brethren that went up with me made the heart of the people melt : but I wholly followed the LORD my God .
7 : 8 Rejoice not against me , O mine enemy : when I fall , I shall arise ; when I sit in darkness , the LORD shall be a light unto me .
84 : 8 O LORD God of hosts , hear my prayer : give ear , O God of Jacob .
I was once very near -- and I wish I had -- it would have been better .
40 : 5 Once have I spoken ; but I will not answer : yea , twice ; but I will proceed no further .
14 : 49 And he shall take to cleanse the house two birds , and cedar wood , and scarlet , and hyssop : 14 : 50 And he shall kill the one of the birds in an earthen vessel over running water : 14 : 51 And he shall take the cedar wood , and the hyssop , and the scarlet , and the living bird , and dip them in the blood of the slain bird , and in the running water , and sprinkle the house seven times : 14 : 52 And he shall cleanse the house with the blood of the bird , and with the running water , and with the living bird , and with the cedar wood , and with the hyssop , and with the scarlet : 14 : 53 But he shall let go the living bird out of the city into the open fields , and make an atonement for the house : and it shall be clean .
4 : 22 And she called unto her husband , and said , Send me , I pray thee , one of the young men , and one of the asses , that I may run to the man of God , and come again .
25 : 22 And ye shall sow the eighth year , and eat yet of old fruit until the ninth year ; until her fruits come in ye shall eat of the old store .
For the men knew that he fled from the presence of the LORD , because he had told them .
6 : 9 My dove , my undefiled is but one ; she is the only one of her mother , she is the choice one of her that bare her .
" Yes ," continued Elinor , gathering more resolution , as some of the worst was over , " Colonel Brandon means it as a testimony of his concern for what has lately passed -- for the cruel situation in which the unjustifiable conduct of your family has placed you -- a concern which I am sure Marianne , myself , and all your friends , must share ; and likewise as a proof of his high esteem for your general character , and his particular approbation of your behaviour on the present occasion ."
23 : 19 Then came up the Ziphites to Saul to Gibeah , saying , Doth not David hide himself with us in strong holds in the wood , in the hill of Hachilah , which is on the south of Jeshimon ?
Put it up , put it up ; we will have a good talk about it some other time , but it will not do now .
" Turn away no more ; Why wilt thou turn away ?
A young lady who faints , must be recovered ; questions must be answered , and surprizes be explained .
13 : 18 Say unto the king and to the queen , Humble yourselves , sit down : for your principalities shall come down , even the crown of your glory .
Every thing in her household arrangements was conducted on the most liberal plan , and excepting a few old city friends , whom , to Lady Middleton ' s regret , she had never dropped , she visited no one to whom an introduction could at all discompose the feelings of her young companions .
Good bye ."
CHAPTER 37
In such employments as these they were interrupted soon after breakfast the next day by the entrance of their landlord , who called to welcome them to Barton , and to offer them every accommodation from his own house and garden in which theirs might at present be deficient .
Sweet moans , dovelike sighs , Chase not slumber from thine eyes !
13 : 11 And he did that which was evil in the sight of the LORD ; he departed not from all the sins of Jeroboam the son of Nebat , who made Israel sin : but he walked therein .
4 : 16 And when this epistle is read among you , cause that it be read also in the church of the Laodiceans ; and that ye likewise read the epistle from Laodicea .
The promise , therefore , was given , and must be performed .
Such a number of women and children have no right to be comfortable on board ."
14 : 20 And they did all eat , and were filled : and they took up of the fragments that remained twelve baskets full .
She turned herself , and saith unto him , Rabboni ; which is to say , Master .
16 : 35 Wherefore , O harlot , hear the word of the LORD : 16 : 36 Thus saith the Lord GOD ; Because thy filthiness was poured out , and thy nakedness discovered through thy whoredoms with thy lovers , and with all the idols of thy abominations , and by the blood of thy children , which thou didst give unto them ; 16 : 37 Behold , therefore I will gather all thy lovers , with whom thou hast taken pleasure , and all them that thou hast loved , with all them that thou hast hated ; I will even gather them round about against thee , and will discover thy nakedness unto them , that they may see all thy nakedness .
19 : 32 Therefore thus saith the LORD concerning the king of Assyria , He shall not come into this city , nor shoot an arrow there , nor come before it with shield , nor cast a bank against it .
And the Levites took it , to carry it out abroad into the brook Kidron .
32 : 18 We will not return unto our houses , until the children of Israel have inherited every man his inheritance .
10 : 9 Remember , I beseech thee , that thou hast made me as the clay ; and wilt thou bring me into dust again ?
13 : 23 And the border of the children of Reuben was Jordan , and the border thereof .
She felt for Harriet , with pain and with contrition ; but no flight of generosity run mad , opposing all that could be probable or reasonable , entered her brain .
11 : 30 The baptism of John , was it from heaven , or of men ?
24 : 1 Again in the ninth year , in the tenth month , in the tenth day of the month , the word of the LORD came unto me , saying , 24 : 2 Son of man , write thee the name of the day , even of this same day : the king of Babylon set himself against Jerusalem this same day .
The matter itself I could not deny , and vain was every endeavour to soften it .
14 : 2 But they said , Not on the feast day , lest there be an uproar of the people .
And I am sure I should not have the smallest fear of trusting YOU ; indeed , I should be very glad of your advice how to manage in such and uncomfortable situation as I am ; but , however , there is no occasion to trouble YOU .
nay verily ; but let them come themselves and fetch us out .
48 : 28 And by the border of Gad , at the south side southward , the border shall be even from Tamar unto the waters of strife in Kadesh , and to the river toward the great sea .
38 : 17 Behold , for peace I had great bitterness : but thou hast in love to my soul delivered it from the pit of corruption : for thou hast cast all my sins behind thy back .
1 : 76 And thou , child , shalt be called the prophet of the Highest : for thou shalt go before the face of the Lord to prepare his ways ; 1 : 77 To give knowledge of salvation unto his people by the remission of their sins , 1 : 78 Through the tender mercy of our God ; whereby the dayspring from on high hath visited us , 1 : 79 To give light to them that sit in darkness and in the shadow of death , to guide our feet into the way of peace .
5 : 15 But so much the more went there a fame abroad of him : and great multitudes came together to hear , and to be healed by him of their infirmities .
The Miss Dashwoods had now been rather more than two months in town , and Marianne ' s impatience to be gone increased every day .
21 : 16 Moreover Manasseh shed innocent blood very much , till he had filled Jerusalem from one end to another ; beside his sin wherewith he made Judah to sin , in doing that which was evil in the sight of the LORD .
1 : 5 The mountains quake at him , and the hills melt , and the earth is burned at his presence , yea , the world , and all that dwell therein .
" No , no , not at all -- only a little agitated .
23 : 12 Apply thine heart unto instruction , and thine ears to the words of knowledge .
There was a languor , a want of spirits , a want of union , which could not be got over .
Not know Mr Elliot , indeed !
" It would be very hard upon Mr . Weston if she did not , papa .-- You quite forget poor Mr .
26 : 10 David said furthermore , As the LORD liveth , the LORD shall smite him ; or his day shall come to die ; or he shall descend into battle , and perish .
13 : 53 And if the priest shall look , and , behold , the plague be not spread in the garment , either in the warp , or in the woof , or in any thing of skin ; 13 : 54 Then the priest shall command that they wash the thing wherein the plague is , and he shall shut it up seven days more : 13 : 55 And the priest shall look on the plague , after that it is washed : and , behold , if the plague have not changed his colour , and the plague be not spread ; it is unclean ; thou shalt burn it in the fire ; it is fret inward , whether it be bare within or without .
I do not know whether you have ever happened to see any of her performances before , but she is in general reckoned to draw extremely well ."
48 : 1 Hear ye this , O house of Jacob , which are called by the name of Israel , and are come forth out of the waters of Judah , which swear by the name of the LORD , and make mention of the God of Israel , but not in truth , nor in righteousness .
I suppose , however -- on recollection -- that the case may probably be THIS .
1 : 38 And Mary said , Behold the handmaid of the Lord ; be it unto me according to thy word .
13 : 3 And he gave a sign the same day , saying , This is the sign which the LORD hath spoken ; Behold , the altar shall be rent , and the ashes that are upon it shall be poured out .
44 : 19 My lord asked his servants , saying , Have ye a father , or a brother ?
Then went he out of Leah ' s tent , and entered into Rachel ' s tent .
and they shall call the husbandman to mourning , and such as are skilful of lamentation to wailing .
24 : 2 And Joshua said unto all the people , Thus saith the LORD God of Israel , Your fathers dwelt on the other side of the flood in old time , even Terah , the father of Abraham , and the father of Nachor : and they served other gods .
7 : 16 And thou shalt consume all the people which the LORD thy God shall deliver thee ; thine eye shall have no pity upon them : neither shalt thou serve their gods ; for that will be a snare unto thee .
20 : 1 And David fled from Naioth in Ramah , and came and said before Jonathan , What have I done ?
20 : 12 And if a man lie with his daughter in law , both of them shall surely be put to death : they have wrought confusion ; their blood shall be upon them .
Before the end of September , Emma attended Harriet to church , and saw her hand bestowed on Robert Martin with so complete a satisfaction , as no remembrances , even connected with Mr . Elton as he stood before them , could impair .-- Perhaps , indeed , at that time she scarcely saw Mr . Elton , but as the clergyman whose blessing at the altar might next fall on herself .-- Robert Martin and Harriet Smith , the latest couple engaged of the three , were the first to be married .
10 : 20 And it shall come to pass in that day , that the remnant of Israel , and such as are escaped of the house of Jacob , shall no more again stay upon him that smote them ; but shall stay upon the LORD , the Holy One of Israel , in truth .
why then is not the health of the daughter of my people recovered ?
7 : 18 Who is a God like unto thee , that pardoneth iniquity , and passeth by the transgression of the remnant of his heritage ?
" No !"
4 : 22 And thou shalt say unto Pharaoh , Thus saith the LORD , Israel is my son , even my firstborn : 4 : 23 And I say unto thee , Let my son go , that he may serve me : and if thou refuse to let him go , behold , I will slay thy son , even thy firstborn .
71 : 17 O God , thou hast taught me from my youth : and hitherto have I declared thy wondrous works .
4 : 6 There be many that say , Who will shew us any good ?
Next unto him also repaired Hananiah the son of one of the apothecaries , and they fortified Jerusalem unto the broad wall .
13 : 18 Here is wisdom .
6 : 35 And he sent messengers throughout all Manasseh ; who also was gathered after him : and he sent messengers unto Asher , and unto Zebulun , and unto Naphtali ; and they came up to meet them .
14 : 8 And it shall be in that day , that living waters shall go out from Jerusalem ; half of them toward the former sea , and half of them toward the hinder sea : in summer and in winter shall it be .
Alarming sounds were heard ; other visitors approached , and the door was thrown open for Sir Walter and Miss Elliot , whose entrance seemed to give a general chill .
14 : 4 And his feet shall stand in that day upon the mount of Olives , which is before Jerusalem on the east , and the mount of Olives shall cleave in the midst thereof toward the east and toward the west , and there shall be a very great valley ; and half of the mountain shall remove toward the north , and half of it toward the south .
2 : 11 Dearly beloved , I beseech you as strangers and pilgrims , abstain from fleshly lusts , which war against the soul ; 2 : 12 Having your conversation honest among the Gentiles : that , whereas they speak against you as evildoers , they may by your good works , which they shall behold , glorify God in the day of visitation .
18 : 16 But all Israel and Judah loved David , because he went out and came in before them .
30 : 12 Upon my right hand rise the youth ; they push away my feet , and they raise up against me the ways of their destruction .
Here is my sketch of the fourth , who was a baby .
7 : 42 Then God turned , and gave them up to worship the host of heaven ; as it is written in the book of the prophets , O ye house of Israel , have ye offered to me slain beasts and sacrifices by the space of forty years in the wilderness ?
24 : 19 And David , according to the saying of Gad , went up as the LORD commanded .
Now Barabbas was a robber .
She continued to look back , but in vain ; and soon , with what appeared unusual speed , they were half way down the hill , and every thing left far behind .
14 : 30 Hereafter I will not talk much with you : for the prince of this world cometh , and hath nothing in me .
22 : 17 Tell us therefore , What thinkest thou ?
And one said on this manner , and another said on that manner .
But Hezekiah prayed for them , saying , The good LORD pardon every one 30 : 19 That prepareth his heart to seek God , the LORD God of his fathers , though he be not cleansed according to the purification of the sanctuary .
15 : 4 And Pilate asked him again , saying , Answerest thou nothing ?
23 : 15 And he said unto Balak , Stand here by thy burnt offering , while I meet the LORD yonder .
cried Marianne with sparkling eyes , " and with elegance , with spirit ?"
40 : 3 And he put them in ward in the house of the captain of the guard , into the prison , the place where Joseph was bound .
2 : 17 And the king loved Esther above all the women , and she obtained grace and favour in his sight more than all the virgins ; so that he set the royal crown upon her head , and made her queen instead of Vashti .
5 : 19 And it shall come to pass , when ye shall say , Wherefore doeth the LORD our God all these things unto us ?
Therefore the name of the city was called Zoar .
40 : 5 And thou shalt set the altar of gold for the incense before the ark of the testimony , and put the hanging of the door to the tabernacle .
14 : 8 If the LORD delight in us , then he will bring us into this land , and give it us ; a land which floweth with milk and honey .
22 : 18 And the king said to Doeg , Turn thou , and fall upon the priests .
" I am not fond of dinner - visiting ," said he --" I never was .
yea , there is no God ; I know not any .
So they went unto the city where the man of God was .
Descend O little cloud & hover before the eyes of Thel .
For all this his anger is not turned away , but his hand is stretched out still .
Turning back was vain : Soon his heavy mane Bore them to the ground , Then he stalked around ,
18 : 8 Therefore shall her plagues come in one day , death , and mourning , and famine ; and she shall be utterly burned with fire : for strong is the Lord God who judgeth her .
what new doctrine is this ?
11 : 9 By faith he sojourned in the land of promise , as in a strange country , dwelling in tabernacles with Isaac and Jacob , the heirs with him of the same promise : 11 : 10 For he looked for a city which hath foundations , whose builder and maker is God .
I had hoped that her regard for me would support her under any difficulty , and for some time it did ; but at last the misery of her situation , for she experienced great unkindness , overcame all her resolution , and though she had promised me that nothing -- but how blindly I relate !
14 : 10 And he sent , and beheaded John in the prison .
22 : 28 Ye are they which have continued with me in my temptations .
She could not speak .
or canst thou mark when the hinds do calve ?
3 : 14 Nebuchadnezzar spake and said unto them , Is it true , O Shadrach , Meshach , and Abednego , do not ye serve my gods , nor worship the golden image which I have set up ?
12 : 6 And there are diversities of operations , but it is the same God which worketh all in all .
12 : 32 And whosoever speaketh a word against the Son of man , it shall be forgiven him : but whosoever speaketh against the Holy Ghost , it shall not be forgiven him , neither in this world , neither in the world to come .
She saw that there had been bad habits ; that Sunday travelling had been a common thing ; that there had been a period of his life ( and probably not a short one ) when he had been , at least , careless in all serious matters ; and , though he might now think very differently , who could answer for the true sentiments of a clever , cautious man , grown old enough to appreciate a fair character ?
Elinor perfectly understood her , and was forced to use all her self - command to make it appear that she did NOT .
Your uncle and aunt will never allow you to leave England ."
And he arose out of his seat .
" You may well be amazed ," returned Mrs . Weston , still averting her eyes , and talking on with eagerness , that Emma might have time to recover -- " You may well be amazed .
10 : 18 And the people and princes of Gilead said one to another , What man is he that will begin to fight against the children of Ammon ?
23 : 23 And he called unto him two centurions , saying , Make ready two hundred soldiers to go to Caesarea , and horsemen threescore and ten , and spearmen two hundred , at the third hour of the night ; 23 : 24 And provide them beasts , that they may set Paul on , and bring him safe unto Felix the governor .
cried Marianne in the wildest anxiety .
22 : 16 And if a man entice a maid that is not betrothed , and lie with her , he shall surely endow her to be his wife .
Poor dear Jane was talking of it just now .-- ` You must go ,' said she .
I am sure I do not know ."
1 : 4 And the mountains shall be molten under him , and the valleys shall be cleft , as wax before the fire , and as the waters that are poured down a steep place .
12 : 7 The LORD also shall save the tents of Judah first , that the glory of the house of David and the glory of the inhabitants of Jerusalem do not magnify themselves against Judah .
9 : 25 And the hail smote throughout all the land of Egypt all that was in the field , both man and beast ; and the hail smote every herb of the field , and brake every tree of the field .
He is not a young man with whom one can be intimately acquainted in a short time , but I have seen enough of him to wish him well for his own sake , and as a friend of yours , I wish it still more .
26 : 20 Where no wood is , there the fire goeth out : so where there is no talebearer , the strife ceaseth .
42 : 17 They shall be turned back , they shall be greatly ashamed , that trust in graven images , that say to the molten images , Ye are our gods .
And it grew both day and night , Till it bore an apple bright , And my foe beheld it shine , and he knew that it was mine , --
68 : 2 As smoke is driven away , so drive them away : as wax melteth before the fire , so let the wicked perish at the presence of God .
21 : 36 And out of the tribe of Reuben , Bezer with her suburbs , and Jahazah with her suburbs , 21 : 37 Kedemoth with her suburbs , and Mephaath with her suburbs ; four cities .
17 : 9 And when they had taken security of Jason , and of the other , they let them go .
65 : 11 Thou crownest the year with thy goodness ; and thy paths drop fatness .
54 : 5 For thy Maker is thine husband ; the LORD of hosts is his name ; and thy Redeemer the Holy One of Israel ; The God of the whole earth shall he be called .
" Upon my soul ," he added , " I believe it is nothing more ; and so I often tell my mother , when she is grieving about it .
They seemed deep in talk .
21 : 38 And all the people came early in the morning to him in the temple , for to hear him .
1 : 16 Thus Melzar took away the portion of their meat , and the wine that they should drink ; and gave them pulse .
10 : 26 And Solomon gathered together chariots and horsemen : and he had a thousand and four hundred chariots , and twelve thousand horsemen , whom he bestowed in the cities for chariots , and with the king at Jerusalem .
" Certainly .
CHAPTER XII
13 : 54 And when he was come into his own country , he taught them in their synagogue , insomuch that they were astonished , and said , Whence hath this man this wisdom , and these mighty works ?
Please to destroy my scrawls -- but the ring with my hair you are very welcome to keep ."
22 : 21 And whosoever offereth a sacrifice of peace offerings unto the LORD to accomplish his vow , or a freewill offering in beeves or sheep , it shall be perfect to be accepted ; there shall be no blemish therein .
42 : 12 Let them give glory unto the LORD , and declare his praise in the islands .
The want of Miss Taylor would be felt every hour of every day .
" Perhaps , then , it would be better for all parties , if the sum were diminished one half .-- Five hundred pounds would be a prodigious increase to their fortunes !"
13 : 11 For the bodies of those beasts , whose blood is brought into the sanctuary by the high priest for sin , are burned without the camp .
10 : 13 Ye have plowed wickedness , ye have reaped iniquity ; ye have eaten the fruit of lies : because thou didst trust in thy way , in the multitude of thy mighty men .
" Emma , my dear Emma --"
7 : 24 Brethren , let every man , wherein he is called , therein abide with God .
SONGS OF INNOCENCE
17 : 52 And the men of Israel and of Judah arose , and shouted , and pursued the Philistines , until thou come to the valley , and to the gates of Ekron .
105 : 15 Saying , Touch not mine anointed , and do my prophets no harm .
4 : 3 And when the tempter came to him , he said , If thou be the Son of God , command that these stones be made bread .
Miss Elliot was to have the honour of calling on Mrs Musgrove in the course of the morning ; and Anne walked off with Charles and Mary , to go and see her and Henrietta directly .
18 : 29 And they called the name of the city Dan , after the name of Dan their father , who was born unto Israel : howbeit the name of the city was Laish at the first .
12 : 15 Wherefore the king hearkened not unto the people ; for the cause was from the LORD , that he might perform his saying , which the LORD spake by Ahijah the Shilonite unto Jeroboam the son of Nebat .
16 : 14 Moreover thou hast not brought us into a land that floweth with milk and honey , or given us inheritance of fields and vineyards : wilt thou put out the eyes of these men ?
3 : 5 And I said , Let them set a fair mitre upon his head .
" I am afraid , none at all ."
18 : 43 Thou hast delivered me from the strivings of the people ; and thou hast made me the head of the heathen : a people whom I have not known shall serve me .
21 : 31 Whether of them twain did the will of his father ?
18 : 12 And Saul was afraid of David , because the LORD was with him , and was departed from Saul .
18 : 10 And he said , I will certainly return unto thee according to the time of life ; and , lo , Sarah thy wife shall have a son .
my dear , it is quite understood , I give you my word .
7 : 14 In the day of prosperity be joyful , but in the day of adversity consider : God also hath set the one over against the other , to the end that man should find nothing after him .
" I am set to light the ground , While the beetle goes his round : Follow now the beetle ' s hum ; Little wanderer , hie thee home !"
And now , Miss Woodhouse , I do not think I shall mind seeing them again .
6 : 9 And if any man die very suddenly by him , and he hath defiled the head of his consecration ; then he shall shave his head in the day of his cleansing , on the seventh day shall he shave it .
38 : 14 Like a crane or a swallow , so did I chatter : I did mourn as a dove : mine eyes fail with looking upward : O LORD , I am oppressed ; undertake for me .
12 : 3 But I have understanding as well as you ; I am not inferior to you : yea , who knoweth not such things as these ?
2 : 8 Because thou hast spoiled many nations , all the remnant of the people shall spoil thee ; because of men ' s blood , and for the violence of the land , of the city , and of all that dwell therein .
17 : 13 Yet it came to pass , when the children of Israel were waxen strong , that they put the Canaanites to tribute , but did not utterly drive them out .
26 : 12 And they shall make a spoil of thy riches , and make a prey of thy merchandise : and they shall break down thy walls , and destroy thy pleasant houses : and they shall lay thy stones and thy timber and thy dust in the midst of the water .
6 : 7 Now therefore there is utterly a fault among you , because ye go to law one with another .
His spirits , during the last two or three days , though still very unequal , were greatly improved -- he grew more and more partial to the house and environs -- never spoke of going away without a sigh -- declared his time to be wholly disengaged -- even doubted to what place he should go when he left them -- but still , go he must .
36 : 19 These are the sons of Esau , who is Edom , and these are their dukes .
3 : 5 Let darkness and the shadow of death stain it ; let a cloud dwell upon it ; let the blackness of the day terrify it .
The cruelty of Mrs . Jennings no language , within her reach in her moments of happiest eloquence , could have expressed ; and now she could reproach her only by the tears which streamed from her eyes with passionate violence -- a reproach , however , so entirely lost on its object , that after many expressions of pity , she withdrew , still referring her to the letter of comfort .
I am sure she will be married to Mr . Willoughby very soon ."
16 : 7 But now he hath made me weary : thou hast made desolate all my company .
35 : 34 Defile not therefore the land which ye shall inhabit , wherein I dwell : for I the LORD dwell among the children of Israel .
As she thought less of his inebriety , she thought more of his inconstancy and presumption ; and with fewer struggles for politeness , replied ,
19 : 36 Thy servant will go a little way over Jordan with the king : and why should the king recompense it me with such a reward ?
Oh !
I am glad to find , however , from what you say , that he is a respectable young man , and one whose acquaintance will not be ineligible ."
7 : 2 He built also the house of the forest of Lebanon ; the length thereof was an hundred cubits , and the breadth thereof fifty cubits , and the height thereof thirty cubits , upon four rows of cedar pillars , with cedar beams upon the pillars .
23 : 2 Thou shalt not follow a multitude to do evil ; neither shalt thou speak in a cause to decline after many to wrest judgment : 23 : 3 Neither shalt thou countenance a poor man in his cause .
40 : 14 And thou shalt bring his sons , and clothe them with coats : 40 : 15 And thou shalt anoint them , as thou didst anoint their father , that they may minister unto me in the priest ' s office : for their anointing shall surely be an everlasting priesthood throughout their generations .
Yes , Friday or Saturday ; she cannot say which , because Colonel Campbell will be wanting the carriage himself one of those days .
4 : 5 And the thickness of it was an handbreadth , and the brim of it like the work of the brim of a cup , with flowers of lilies ; and it received and held three thousand baths .
Wrapt up in a cloak of politeness , she seemed determined to hazard nothing .
As Elinor was neither musical , nor affecting to be so , she made no scruple of turning her eyes from the grand pianoforte , whenever it suited her , and unrestrained even by the presence of a harp , and violoncello , would fix them at pleasure on any other object in the room .
119 : 172 My tongue shall speak of thy word : for all thy commandments are righteousness .
She was reminded , more than once , of having always said she would never marry , and assured that it would be a great deal better for her to remain single ; and told of poor Isabella , and poor Miss Taylor .-- But it would not do .
3 : 1 This know also , that in the last days perilous times shall come .
23 : 4 These are the feasts of the LORD , even holy convocations , which ye shall proclaim in their seasons .
for he is small .
3 : 14 Multitudes , multitudes in the valley of decision : for the day of the LORD is near in the valley of decision .
37 : 9 And he heard say concerning Tirhakah king of Ethiopia , He is come forth to make war with thee .
6 : 22 Thus saith the LORD , Behold , a people cometh from the north country , and a great nation shall be raised from the sides of the earth .
10 : 17 He is in the way of life that keepeth instruction : but he that refuseth reproof erreth .
cried Captain Wentworth , instantly , and with half a glance at Anne , " it is the very man we passed ."
This would not do ; she immediately stopped , under pretence of having some alteration to make in the lacing of her half - boot , and stooping down in complete occupation of the footpath , begged them to have the goodness to walk on , and she would follow in half a minute .
21 : 19 And the foundations of the wall of the city were garnished with all manner of precious stones .
Mr . Elton ' s superiority had very ample acknowledgment .
The greatest kindness you can shew me , will be to let me have my own way , and only say that I am gone when it is necessary ."
33 : 6 And wisdom and knowledge shall be the stability of thy times , and strength of salvation : the fear of the LORD is his treasure .
" Here , Frederick , you and I part company , I believe ," said she .
CHAPTER 44
7 : 13 So she caught him , and kissed him , and with an impudent face said unto him , 7 : 14 I have peace offerings with me ; this day have I payed my vows .
She was quite concerned and ashamed , and resolved to do such things no more .
13 : 1 This is the third time I am coming to you .
She is a relation of the Colonel ' s , my dear ; a very near relation .
" We can finish this some other time , you know .
Let him that hath understanding count the number of the beast : for it is the number of a man ; and his number is Six hundred threescore and six .
42 : 18 Hear , ye deaf ; and look , ye blind , that ye may see .
26 : 37 And thou shalt make for the hanging five pillars of shittim wood , and overlay them with gold , and their hooks shall be of gold : and thou shalt cast five sockets of brass for them .
29 : 22 So they killed the bullocks , and the priests received the blood , and sprinkled it on the altar : likewise , when they had killed the rams , they sprinkled the blood upon the altar : they killed also the lambs , and they sprinkled the blood upon the altar .
5 : 12 His eyes are as the eyes of doves by the rivers of waters , washed with milk , and fitly set .
6 : 15 Were they ashamed when they had committed abomination ?
Has Perry seen her ?
Captain Benwick looked , and was , the youngest of the three , and , compared with either of them , a little man .
11 : 29 Then the disciples , every man according to his ability , determined to send relief unto the brethren which dwelt in Judaea : 11 : 30 Which also they did , and sent it to the elders by the hands of Barnabas and Saul .
18 : 5 Therefore the king of Israel gathered together of prophets four hundred men , and said unto them , Shall we go to Ramothgilead to battle , or shall I forbear ?
a smart , stylish girl they say , but not handsome .
6 : 9 And , ye masters , do the same things unto them , forbearing threatening : knowing that your Master also is in heaven ; neither is there respect of persons with him .
His acquittal was complete , his friendship warmly honoured , a lively interest excited for his friend , and his description of the fine country about Lyme so feelingly attended to by the party , that an earnest desire to see Lyme themselves , and a project for going thither was the consequence .
Between Barton and Delaford , there was that constant communication which strong family affection would naturally dictate ;-- and among the merits and the happiness of Elinor and Marianne , let it not be ranked as the least considerable , that though sisters , and living almost within sight of each other , they could live without disagreement between themselves , or producing coolness between their husbands .
Ferrars ."
5 : 12 And the manna ceased on the morrow after they had eaten of the old corn of the land ; neither had the children of Israel manna any more ; but they did eat of the fruit of the land of Canaan that year .
12 : 10 And have ye not read this scripture ; The stone which the builders rejected is become the head of the corner : 12 : 11 This was the Lord ' s doing , and it is marvellous in our eyes ?
You are always with me ."
19 : 4 But he himself went a day ' s journey into the wilderness , and came and sat down under a juniper tree : and he requested for himself that he might die ; and said , It is enough ; now , O LORD , take away my life ; for I am not better than my fathers .
She paused a few moments .
27 : 4 One thing have I desired of the LORD , that will I seek after ; that I may dwell in the house of the LORD all the days of my life , to behold the beauty of the LORD , and to enquire in his temple .
114 : 3 The sea saw it , and fled : Jordan was driven back .
20 : 27 A man also or woman that hath a familiar spirit , or that is a wizard , shall surely be put to death : they shall stone them with stones : their blood shall be upon them .
( turning to Emma .)
She was afterwards looking for her shawl -- Frank Churchill was looking also -- it was growing dusk , and the room was in confusion ; and how they parted , Mr . Knightley could not tell .
17 : 32 So they feared the LORD , and made unto themselves of the lowest of them priests of the high places , which sacrificed for them in the houses of the high places .
23 : 26 Notwithstanding the LORD turned not from the fierceness of his great wrath , wherewith his anger was kindled against Judah , because of all the provocations that Manasseh had provoked him withal .
I did not see it to advantage , for nothing could be more forlorn than the furniture ,-- but if it were newly fitted up -- a couple of hundred pounds , Willoughby says , would make it one of the pleasantest summer - rooms in England ."
16 : 7 And at that time Hanani the seer came to Asa king of Judah , and said unto him , Because thou hast relied on the king of Syria , and not relied on the LORD thy God , therefore is the host of the king of Syria escaped out of thine hand .
She felt herself a most fortunate woman ; and she had lived long enough to know how fortunate she might well be thought , where the only regret was for a partial separation from friends whose friendship for her had never cooled , and who could ill bear to part with her .
22 : 12 And all the prophets prophesied so , saying , Go up to Ramothgilead , and prosper : for the LORD shall deliver it into the king ' s hand .
27 : 23 For there stood by me this night the angel of God , whose I am , and whom I serve , 27 : 24 Saying , Fear not , Paul ; thou must be brought before Caesar : and , lo , God hath given thee all them that sail with thee .
1 : 9 And Adonijah slew sheep and oxen and fat cattle by the stone of Zoheleth , which is by Enrogel , and called all his brethren the king ' s sons , and all the men of Judah the king ' s servants : 1 : 10 But Nathan the prophet , and Benaiah , and the mighty men , and Solomon his brother , he called not .
6 : 44 And their brethren the sons of Merari stood on the left hand : Ethan the son of Kishi , the son of Abdi , the son of Malluch , 6 : 45 The son of Hashabiah , the son of Amaziah , the son of Hilkiah , 6 : 46 The son of Amzi , the son of Bani , the son of Shamer , 6 : 47 The son of Mahli , the son of Mushi , the son of Merari , the son of Levi .
You are too bountiful !
Louisa had fine naval fervour to begin with , and they would soon grow more alike .
2 : 20 And he said unto his daughters , And where is he ?
23 : 19 Hear thou , my son , and be wise , and guide thine heart in the way .
15 : 14 Ye are my friends , if ye do whatsoever I command you .
" Just as they always do -- very vulgar ."
7 : 22 And it shall be answered , Because they forsook the LORD God of their fathers , which brought them forth out of the land of Egypt , and laid hold on other gods , and worshipped them , and served them : therefore hath he brought all this evil upon them .
I assured him that I could not .
9 : 9 And they said unto him , From a very far country thy servants are come because of the name of the LORD thy God : for we have heard the fame of him , and all that he did in Egypt , 9 : 10 And all that he did to the two kings of the Amorites , that were beyond Jordan , to Sihon king of Heshbon , and to Og king of Bashan , which was at Ashtaroth .
2 : 23 And he went up from thence unto Bethel : and as he was going up by the way , there came forth little children out of the city , and mocked him , and said unto him , Go up , thou bald head ; go up , thou bald head .
A man always imagines a woman to be ready for any body who asks her ."
25 : 11 For if I be an offender , or have committed any thing worthy of death , I refuse not to die : but if there be none of these things whereof these accuse me , no man may deliver me unto them .
" The joke ," he replied gravely , " seemed confined to you and Mr .
It happened to catch Sophia ' s eye before it caught mine -- and its size , the elegance of the paper , the hand - writing altogether , immediately gave her a suspicion .
9 : 11 And I will establish my covenant with you , neither shall all flesh be cut off any more by the waters of a flood ; neither shall there any more be a flood to destroy the earth .
46 : 4 And the burnt offering that the prince shall offer unto the LORD in the sabbath day shall be six lambs without blemish , and a ram without blemish .
32 : 16 And he delivered them into the hand of his servants , every drove by themselves ; and said unto his servants , Pass over before me , and put a space betwixt drove and drove .
8 : 37 Then the whole multitude of the country of the Gadarenes round about besought him to depart from them ; for they were taken with great fear : and he went up into the ship , and returned back again .
" I shall be happier to burn it ," replied Harriet .
15 : 8 And God , which knoweth the hearts , bare them witness , giving them the Holy Ghost , even as he did unto us ; 15 : 9 And put no difference between us and them , purifying their hearts by faith .
15 : 18 But those things which proceed out of the mouth come forth from the heart ; and they defile the man .
He had caught both substance and shadow -- both fortune and affection , and was just the happy man he ought to be ; talking only of himself and his own concerns -- expecting to be congratulated -- ready to be laughed at -- and , with cordial , fearless smiles , now addressing all the young ladies of the place , to whom , a few weeks ago , he would have been more cautiously gallant .
4 : 12 Therefore thus will I do unto thee , O Israel : and because I will do this unto thee , prepare to meet thy God , O Israel .
It was horrible to Emma to think how it must sink him in the general opinion , to foresee the smiles , the sneers , the merriment it would prompt at his expense ; the mortification and disdain of his brother , the thousand inconveniences to himself .-- Could it be ?-- No ; it was impossible .
and whither goest thou ?
4 : 34 And he went up , and lay upon the child , and put his mouth upon his mouth , and his eyes upon his eyes , and his hands upon his hands : and stretched himself upon the child ; and the flesh of the child waxed warm .
26 : 7 And thou shalt make curtains of goats ' hair to be a covering upon the tabernacle : eleven curtains shalt thou make .
For Manoah knew not that he was an angel of the LORD .
30 : 5 They were all ashamed of a people that could not profit them , nor be an help nor profit , but a shame , and also a reproach .
12 : 10 And there was a famine in the land : and Abram went down into Egypt to sojourn there ; for the famine was grievous in the land .
In some surprise at the familiarity of this question , or at least of the manner in which it was spoken , Elinor replied that she was .
I should not have supposed that you could have found anything in Lyme to inspire such a feeling .
54 : 13 And all thy children shall be taught of the LORD ; and great shall be the peace of thy children .
and whence art thou ?
Elizabeth , though resenting the suspicion , might yet be made observant by it .
10 : 18 Wherefore then hast thou brought me forth out of the womb ?
21 : 27 The sacrifice of the wicked is abomination : how much more , when he bringeth it with a wicked mind ?
The house belonged to people in business .
28 : 8 And it came to pass , that the father of Publius lay sick of a fever and of a bloody flux : to whom Paul entered in , and prayed , and laid his hands on him , and healed him .
Anne had a great deal to hear of Mr Elliot .
29 : 8 The young men saw me , and hid themselves : and the aged arose , and stood up .
5 : 12 And by the hands of the apostles were many signs and wonders wrought among the people ; ( and they were all with one accord in Solomon ' s porch .
4 : 3 Thy lips are like a thread of scarlet , and thy speech is comely : thy temples are like a piece of a pomegranate within thy locks .
We will not say how near , for fear of shocking the young ladies ."
replied he , with a sigh .
11 : 9 And the LORD said unto me , A conspiracy is found among the men of Judah , and among the inhabitants of Jerusalem .
A new sort of way this , for a young fellow to be making love , by breaking his mistress ' s head , is not it , Miss Elliot ?
3 : 26 For ye are all the children of God by faith in Christ Jesus .
10 : 18 And Jehu gathered all the people together , and said unto them , Ahab served Baal a little ; but Jehu shall serve him much .
14 : 18 And with these sayings scarce restrained they the people , that they had not done sacrifice unto them .
5 : 17 Behold , happy is the man whom God correcteth : therefore despise not thou the chastening of the Almighty : 5 : 18 For he maketh sore , and bindeth up : he woundeth , and his hands make whole .
I shall have many fellow - mourners for the ball , if not for Frank Churchill ; but Mr . Knightley will be happy .
Willoughby filled every page .
138 : 1 I will praise thee with my whole heart : before the gods will I sing praise unto thee .
23 : 21 I have not sent these prophets , yet they ran : I have not spoken to them , yet they prophesied .
Colonel Brandon ' s delicate , unobtrusive enquiries were never unwelcome to Miss Dashwood .
Uppercross was a moderate - sized village , which a few years back had been completely in the old English style , containing only two houses superior in appearance to those of the yeomen and labourers ; the mansion of the squire , with its high walls , great gates , and old trees , substantial and unmodernized , and the compact , tight parsonage , enclosed in its own neat garden , with a vine and a pear - tree trained round its casements ; but upon the marriage of the young ' squire , it had received the improvement of a farm - house elevated into a cottage , for his residence , and Uppercross Cottage , with its veranda , French windows , and other prettiness , was quite as likely to catch the traveller ' s eye as the more consistent and considerable aspect and premises of the Great House , about a quarter of a mile farther on .
" How odd you are !
15 : 7 I say unto you , that likewise joy shall be in heaven over one sinner that repenteth , more than over ninety and nine just persons , which need no repentance .
24 : 21 And he looked on the Kenites , and took up his parable , and said , Strong is thy dwellingplace , and thou puttest thy nest in a rock .
10 : 33 But a certain Samaritan , as he journeyed , came where he was : and when he saw him , he had compassion on him , 10 : 34 And went to him , and bound up his wounds , pouring in oil and wine , and set him on his own beast , and brought him to an inn , and took care of him .
13 : 19 Now I tell you before it come , that , when it is come to pass , ye may believe that I am he .
I have had all my own little concerns to arrange , books and music to divide , and all my trunks to repack , from not having understood in time what was intended as to the waggons : and one thing I have had to do , Mary , of a more trying nature : going to almost every house in the parish , as a sort of take - leave .
Elinor , though greatly shocked , still felt unable to believe it .
Poor Brandon !
She could do justice to the superiority of Lady Russell ' s motives in this , over those of her father and Elizabeth ; she could honour all the better feelings of her calmness ; but the general air of oblivion among them was highly important from whatever it sprung ; and in the event of Admiral Croft ' s really taking Kellynch Hall , she rejoiced anew over the conviction which had always been most grateful to her , of the past being known to those three only among her connexions , by whom no syllable , she believed , would ever be whispered , and in the trust that among his , the brother only with whom he had been residing , had received any information of their short - lived engagement .
Then Elisha said , Shoot .
3 : 13 Nevertheless we , according to his promise , look for new heavens and a new earth , wherein dwelleth righteousness .
9 : 5 As long as I am in the world , I am the light of the world .
144 : 4 Man is like to vanity : his days are as a shadow that passeth away .
21 : 20 And he did that which was evil in the sight of the LORD , as his father Manasseh did .
19 : 28 For all of my father ' s house were but dead men before my lord the king : yet didst thou set thy servant among them that did eat at thine own table .
15 : 14 And when he came unto Lehi , the Philistines shouted against him : and the Spirit of the LORD came mightily upon him , and the cords that were upon his arms became as flax that was burnt with fire , and his bands loosed from off his hands .
6 : 11 But thou , O man of God , flee these things ; and follow after righteousness , godliness , faith , love , patience , meekness .
9 : 12 And he answered and told them , Elias verily cometh first , and restoreth all things ; and how it is written of the Son of man , that he must suffer many things , and be set at nought .
27 : 9 And Moses and the priests the Levites spake unto all Israel , saying , Take heed , and hearken , O Israel ; this day thou art become the people of the LORD thy God .
" Very true ," said Harriet .
6 : 8 Nay , ye do wrong , and defraud , and that your brethren .
" But I thought you would .
He and Mary had been persuaded to go early to their inn last night .
They will have no carriage , no horses , and hardly any servants ; they will keep no company , and can have no expenses of any kind !
5 : 3 Then they brought the golden vessels that were taken out of the temple of the house of God which was at Jerusalem ; and the king , and his princes , his wives , and his concubines , drank in them .
Her attention was now claimed by Mr . Woodhouse , who being , according to his custom on such occasions , making the circle of his guests , and paying his particular compliments to the ladies , was ending with her -- and with all his mildest urbanity , said ,
We must go , for the Westons come to us next week you know .
13 : 22 Because with lies ye have made the heart of the righteous sad , whom I have not made sad ; and strengthened the hands of the wicked , that he should not return from his wicked way , by promising him life : 13 : 23 Therefore ye shall see no more vanity , nor divine divinations : for I will deliver my people out of your hand : and ye shall know that I am the LORD .
His own two thousand pounds she protested should be his all ; she would never see him again ; and so far would she be from affording him the smallest assistance , that if he were to enter into any profession with a view of better support , she would do all in her power to prevent him advancing in it ."
The pain of being obliged to practise concealment towards him , was very little inferior to the pain of having made Harriet unhappy .
77 : 8 Is his mercy clean gone for ever ?
But James will not like to put the horses to for such a little way ;-- and where are the poor horses to be while we are paying our visit ?"
10 : 8 And the sons of Aaron , the priests , shall blow with the trumpets ; and they shall be to you for an ordinance for ever throughout your generations .
15 : 30 He shall not depart out of darkness ; the flame shall dry up his branches , and by the breath of his mouth shall he go away .
6 : 18 But with thee will I establish my covenant ; and thou shalt come into the ark , thou , and thy sons , and thy wife , and thy sons ' wives with thee .
May is the very month which Mrs . Churchill is ordered , or has ordered herself , to spend in some warmer place than Enscombe -- in short , to spend in London ; so that we have the agreeable prospect of frequent visits from Frank the whole spring -- precisely the season of the year which one should have chosen for it : days almost at the longest ; weather genial and pleasant , always inviting one out , and never too hot for exercise .
29 : 16 I was a father to the poor : and the cause which I knew not I searched out .
Sweet moan , sweeter smile , All the dovelike moans beguile .
9 : 17 And one of the multitude answered and said , Master , I have brought unto thee my son , which hath a dumb spirit ; 9 : 18 And wheresoever he taketh him , he teareth him : and he foameth , and gnasheth with his teeth , and pineth away : and I spake to thy disciples that they should cast him out ; and they could not .
26 : 5 Answer a fool according to his folly , lest he be wise in his own conceit .
2 : 8 And when we passed by from our brethren the children of Esau , which dwelt in Seir , through the way of the plain from Elath , and from Eziongaber , we turned and passed by the way of the wilderness of Moab .
And he answered , That the people are fled from the battle , and many of the people also are fallen and dead ; and Saul and Jonathan his son are dead also .
19 : 16 In that day shall Egypt be like unto women : and it shall be afraid and fear because of the shaking of the hand of the LORD of hosts , which he shaketh over it .
She then found them talking of " Frederick ."
Mr and Mrs Musgrove took me , and we were so crowded !
20 : 7 And what man is there that hath betrothed a wife , and hath not taken her ?
7 : 16 If then I do that which I would not , I consent unto the law that it is good .
9 : 12 And he hath confirmed his words , which he spake against us , and against our judges that judged us , by bringing upon us a great evil : for under the whole heaven hath not been done as hath been done upon Jerusalem .
14 : 11 And Asa cried unto the LORD his God , and said , LORD , it is nothing with thee to help , whether with many , or with them that have no power : help us , O LORD our God ; for we rest on thee , and in thy name we go against this multitude .
1 : 18 No man hath seen God at any time , the only begotten Son , which is in the bosom of the Father , he hath declared him .
She looked down very decidedly upon the Hayters , and thought it would be quite a misfortune to have the existing connection between the families renewed -- very sad for herself and her children .
27 : 14 Wait on the LORD : be of good courage , and he shall strengthen thine heart : wait , I say , on the LORD .
9 : 45 But they understood not this saying , and it was hid from them , that they perceived it not : and they feared to ask him of that saying .
Could a linguist , could a grammarian , could even a mathematician have seen what she did , have witnessed their appearance together , and heard their history of it , without feeling that circumstances had been at work to make them peculiarly interesting to each other ?-- How much more must an imaginist , like herself , be on fire with speculation and foresight !-- especially with such a groundwork of anticipation as her mind had already made .
6 : 66 From that time many of his disciples went back , and walked no more with him .
26 : 63 These are they that were numbered by Moses and Eleazar the priest , who numbered the children of Israel in the plains of Moab by Jordan near Jericho .
16 : 5 And the border of the children of Ephraim according to their families was thus : even the border of their inheritance on the east side was Atarothaddar , unto Bethhoron the upper ; 16 : 6 And the border went out toward the sea to Michmethah on the north side ; and the border went about eastward unto Taanathshiloh , and passed by it on the east to Janohah ; 16 : 7 And it went down from Janohah to Ataroth , and to Naarath , and came to Jericho , and went out at Jordan .
She gave a moment ' s recollection , as they hurried along , to the little circumstances which the same spots had witnessed earlier in the morning .
I thought I could not be so deceived ; but now , it is clear ; the state of his mind is as clear and decided , as my wishes on the subject have been ever since I knew you .
She expressly conditioned , however , for paying no visits , and would do no more than accompany them to Gray ' s in Sackville Street , where Elinor was carrying on a negotiation for the exchange of a few old - fashioned jewels of her mother .
11 : 16 And David was then in the hold , and the Philistines ' garrison was then at Bethlehem .
The LORD hath loved him : he will do his pleasure on Babylon , and his arm shall be on the Chaldeans .
" No ," cried Anne , quickly , " it cannot be Mr Elliot , I assure you .
23 : 13 And the meat offering thereof shall be two tenth deals of fine flour mingled with oil , an offering made by fire unto the LORD for a sweet savour : and the drink offering thereof shall be of wine , the fourth part of an hin .
5 : 27 And after these things he went forth , and saw a publican , named Levi , sitting at the receipt of custom : and he said unto him , Follow me .
This is in the supposition of his attachment continuing what it now is ; but I do not know that I expect it will ; I do not look upon him to be quite the sort of man -- I do not altogether build upon his steadiness or constancy .-- His feelings are warm , but I can imagine them rather changeable .-- Every consideration of the subject , in short , makes me thankful that my happiness is not more deeply involved .-- I shall do very well again after a little while -- and then , it will be a good thing over ; for they say every body is in love once in their lives , and I shall have been let off easily ."
19 : 10 Delight is not seemly for a fool ; much less for a servant to have rule over princes .
14 : 5 And the LORD said unto Ahijah , Behold , the wife of Jeroboam cometh to ask a thing of thee for her son ; for he is sick : thus and thus shalt thou say unto her : for it shall be , when she cometh in , that she shall feign herself to be another woman .
11 : 7 But against any of the children of Israel shall not a dog move his tongue , against man or beast : that ye may know how that the LORD doth put a difference between the Egyptians and Israel .
Nothing in my opinion has ever passed to justify doubt ; no secrecy has been attempted ; all has been uniformly open and unreserved .
9 : 2 And after six days Jesus taketh with him Peter , and James , and John , and leadeth them up into an high mountain apart by themselves : and he was transfigured before them .
I wandered through each chartered street , Near where the chartered Thames does flow , A mark in every face I meet , Marks of weakness , marks of woe .
And Joram said , Take an horseman , and send to meet them , and let him say , Is it peace ?
Do not you , Anne ?
17 : 12 But I say unto you , That Elias is come already , and they knew him not , but have done unto him whatsoever they listed .
If Jane repressed her for a little time , she soon began again ; and though much that passed between them was in a half - whisper , especially on Mrs . Elton ' s side , there was no avoiding a knowledge of their principal subjects : The post - office -- catching cold -- fetching letters -- and friendship , were long under discussion ; and to them succeeded one , which must be at least equally unpleasant to Jane -- inquiries whether she had yet heard of any situation likely to suit her , and professions of Mrs . Elton ' s meditated activity .
" I have not said , exert yourself Harriet for my sake ; think less , talk less of Mr . Elton for my sake ; because for your own sake rather , I would wish it to be done , for the sake of what is more important than my comfort , a habit of self - command in you , a consideration of what is your duty , an attention to propriety , an endeavour to avoid the suspicions of others , to save your health and credit , and restore your tranquillity .
54 : 5 He shall reward evil unto mine enemies : cut them off in thy truth .
If she is ill I should be sorry to do her injustice ; but there are some traits in her character which make it difficult for me to speak of her with the forbearance I could wish .
said his wife , laughing .
for he is small .
30 : 10 And Aaron shall make an atonement upon the horns of it once in a year with the blood of the sin offering of atonements : once in the year shall he make atonement upon it throughout your generations : it is most holy unto the LORD .
16 : 25 And Moses rose up and went unto Dathan and Abiram ; and the elders of Israel followed him .
10 : 6 And she said to the king , It was a true report that I heard in mine own land of thy acts and of thy wisdom .
John Dashwood was really far from being sorry to see his sisters again ; it rather gave them satisfaction ; and his inquiries after their mother were respectful and attentive .
She can never be more lost to you than she is now ."
31 : 18 I have surely heard Ephraim bemoaning himself thus ; Thou hast chastised me , and I was chastised , as a bullock unaccustomed to the yoke : turn thou me , and I shall be turned ; for thou art the LORD my God .
" Is she unwell ?"
oh Lord !
and from whence came they unto thee ?
" Certainly : Captain Benwick ."
84 : 1 How amiable are thy tabernacles , O LORD of hosts !
18 : 8 They shall have like portions to eat , beside that which cometh of the sale of his patrimony .
24 : 13 In thy filthiness is lewdness : because I have purged thee , and thou wast not purged , thou shalt not be purged from thy filthiness any more , till I have caused my fury to rest upon thee .
9 : 2 And , behold , they brought to him a man sick of the palsy , lying on a bed : and Jesus seeing their faith said unto the sick of the palsy ; Son , be of good cheer ; thy sins be forgiven thee .
14 : 8 Though the root thereof wax old in the earth , and the stock thereof die in the ground ; 14 : 9 Yet through the scent of water it will bud , and bring forth boughs like a plant .
yea , declare unto them their abominations ; 23 : 37 That they have committed adultery , and blood is in their hands , and with their idols have they committed adultery , and have also caused their sons , whom they bare unto me , to pass for them through the fire , to devour them .
9 : 9 Which maketh Arcturus , Orion , and Pleiades , and the chambers of the south .
In comparison of Norland , it was poor and small indeed !-- but the tears which recollection called forth as they entered the house were soon dried away .
The visit of the Miss Steeles at Barton Park was lengthened far beyond what the first invitation implied .
1 : 47 Jesus saw Nathanael coming to him , and saith of him , Behold an Israelite indeed , in whom is no guile !
" Did not Colonel Brandon know of Sir John ' s proposal to your mother before it was made ?
Captain Benwick had been seen flying by their house , with a countenance which showed something to be wrong ; and they had set off immediately , informed and directed as they passed , towards the spot .
I answered it within an hour ; but from the confusion of my mind , and the multiplicity of business falling on me at once , my answer , instead of being sent with all the many other letters of that day , was locked up in my writing - desk ; and I , trusting that I had written enough , though but a few lines , to satisfy her , remained without any uneasiness .-- I was rather disappointed that I did not hear from her again speedily ; but I made excuses for her , and was too busy , and -- may I add ?-- too cheerful in my views to be captious .-- We removed to Windsor ; and two days afterwards I received a parcel from her , my own letters all returned !-- and a few lines at the same time by the post , stating her extreme surprize at not having had the smallest reply to her last ; and adding , that as silence on such a point could not be misconstrued , and as it must be equally desirable to both to have every subordinate arrangement concluded as soon as possible , she now sent me , by a safe conveyance , all my letters , and requested , that if I could not directly command hers , so as to send them to Highbury within a week , I would forward them after that period to her at --: in short , the full direction to Mr . Smallridge ' s , near Bristol , stared me in the face .
I know thee who thou art , the Holy One of God .
" Whatever you say is always right ," cried Harriet , " and therefore I suppose , and believe , and hope it must be so ; but otherwise I could not have imagined it .
for two , saith he , shall be one flesh .
Jane said so .
" Then come home , my children , the sun is gone down , And the dews of night arise ; Come , come , leave off play , and let us away , Till the morning appears in the skies ."
1 : 4 That which the palmerworm hath left hath the locust eaten ; and that which the locust hath left hath the cankerworm eaten ; and that which the cankerworm hath left hath the caterpiller eaten .
5 : 7 The impotent man answered him , Sir , I have no man , when the water is troubled , to put me into the pool : but while I am coming , another steppeth down before me .
Anne had called several times on her friend , before the existence of such a person was known in Camden Place .
I could not bear the idea of it ; so , as soon as Mr . Weston came into the room , and I could get at him , I spoke to him about the carriage .
97 : 3 A fire goeth before him , and burneth up his enemies round about .
He had seen you indeed , before he came to Bath , and admired you , but without knowing it to be you .
What Elinor said in reply she could not distinguish , but judged from the motion of her lips , that she did not think THAT any material objection ;-- and Mrs . Jennings commended her in her heart for being so honest .
14 : 22 Yet , behold , therein shall be left a remnant that shall be brought forth , both sons and daughters : behold , they shall come forth unto you , and ye shall see their way and their doings : and ye shall be comforted concerning the evil that I have brought upon Jerusalem , even concerning all that I have brought upon it .
And I gathered them together , and set them in their place .
25 : 25 As cold waters to a thirsty soul , so is good news from a far country .
26 : 18 And thou shalt make the boards for the tabernacle , twenty boards on the south side southward .
12 : 27 Consider the lilies how they grow : they toil not , they spin not ; and yet I say unto you , that Solomon in all his glory was not arrayed like one of these .
30 : 42 But when the cattle were feeble , he put them not in : so the feebler were Laban ' s , and the stronger Jacob ' s .
And David sent and communed with Abigail , to take her to him to wife .
So Saul did eat with Samuel that day .
19 : 1 And there came two angels to Sodom at even ; and Lot sat in the gate of Sodom : and Lot seeing them rose up to meet them ; and he bowed himself with his face toward the ground ; 19 : 2 And he said , Behold now , my lords , turn in , I pray you , into your servant ' s house , and tarry all night , and wash your feet , and ye shall rise up early , and go on your ways .
Yes , yes , if you please , no reference to examples in books .
weep !
4 : 16 Am I therefore become your enemy , because I tell you the truth ?
but my people have changed their glory for that which doth not profit .
" You are very good .-- The future must be my proof .
Colonel Brandon came in while the party were at tea , and by his manner of looking round the room for Marianne , Elinor immediately fancied that he neither expected nor wished to see her there , and , in short , that he was already aware of what occasioned her absence .
My only scruple in advising the match was on his account , as being beneath his deserts , and a bad connexion for him .
I have heard so much in praise of Mr . Frank Churchill .-- At the same time it is fair to observe , that I am one of those who always judge for themselves , and are by no means implicitly guided by others .
8 : 32 And we came to Jerusalem , and abode there three days .
8 : 54 And it was so , that when Solomon had made an end of praying all this prayer and supplication unto the LORD , he arose from before the altar of the LORD , from kneeling on his knees with his hands spread up to heaven .
She was obliged to kneel down by the sofa , and remain there to satisfy her patient ; and thus they continued a few minutes , when , to her very great satisfaction , she heard some other person crossing the little vestibule .
6 : 9 And it shall come to pass , if there remain ten men in one house , that they shall die .
behold , the heaven and heaven of heavens cannot contain thee ; how much less this house that I have builded ?
3 : 14 So the spirit lifted me up , and took me away , and I went in bitterness , in the heat of my spirit ; but the hand of the LORD was strong upon me .
13 : 37 Peter said unto him , Lord , why cannot I follow thee now ?
21 : 7 But the king spared Mephibosheth , the son of Jonathan the son of Saul , because of the LORD ' s oath that was between them , between David and Jonathan the son of Saul .
Miss Fairfax , you must not run such risks .-- Liable as you have been to severe colds , indeed you ought to be particularly careful , especially at this time of year .
20 : 11 And I saw a great white throne , and him that sat on it , from whose face the earth and the heaven fled away ; and there was found no place for them .
3 : 18 Thy shepherds slumber , O king of Assyria : thy nobles shall dwell in the dust : thy people is scattered upon the mountains , and no man gathereth them .
19 : 3 And when he saw that , he arose , and went for his life , and came to Beersheba , which belongeth to Judah , and left his servant there .
21 : 5 And he built altars for all the host of heaven in the two courts of the house of the LORD .
17 : 10 And there are seven kings : five are fallen , and one is , and the other is not yet come ; and when he cometh , he must continue a short space .
Sir John could do no more ; but he did not know that any more was required : to be together was , in his opinion , to be intimate , and while his continual schemes for their meeting were effectual , he had not a doubt of their being established friends .
So the king of Assyria turned back , and stayed not there in the land .
80 : 14 Return , we beseech thee , O God of hosts : look down from heaven , and behold , and visit this vine ;
4 : 13 So Boaz took Ruth , and she was his wife : and when he went in unto her , the LORD gave her conception , and she bare a son .
8 : 14 Thus shalt thou separate the Levites from among the children of Israel : and the Levites shall be mine .
112 : 5 A good man sheweth favour , and lendeth : he will guide his affairs with discretion .
It was certainly carried nearly as far as possible , for they met every morning , and hardly ever spent an evening asunder ; but she believed they should not have done so well without the sight of Mr and Mrs Musgrove ' s respectable forms in the usual places , or without the talking , laughing , and singing of their daughters .
15 : 25 Now his elder son was in the field : and as he came and drew nigh to the house , he heard musick and dancing .
24 : 44 And he said unto them , These are the words which I spake unto you , while I was yet with you , that all things must be fulfilled , which were written in the law of Moses , and in the prophets , and in the psalms , concerning me .
I will go and tell Charles , and get ready directly .
19 : 51 These are the inheritances , which Eleazar the priest , and Joshua the son of Nun , and the heads of the fathers of the tribes of the children of Israel , divided for an inheritance by lot in Shiloh before the LORD , at the door of the tabernacle of the congregation .
You see I cannot leave Mrs .
5 : 10 And in the days of Saul they made war with the Hagarites , who fell by their hand : and they dwelt in their tents throughout all the east land of Gilead .
is not his mother called Mary ?
They want her ( Mr . and Mrs . Dixon ) excessively to come over with Colonel and Mrs . Campbell ; quite depend upon it ; nothing can be more kind or pressing than their _joint_ invitation , Jane says , as you will hear presently ; Mr . Dixon does not seem in the least backward in any attention .
27 : 30 And all the tithe of the land , whether of the seed of the land , or of the fruit of the tree , is the LORD ' s : it is holy unto the LORD .
22 : 6 For thou hast taken a pledge from thy brother for nought , and stripped the naked of their clothing .
And thou shalt set it before the LORD thy God , and worship before the LORD thy God : 26 : 11 And thou shalt rejoice in every good thing which the LORD thy God hath given unto thee , and unto thine house , thou , and the Levite , and the stranger that is among you .
25 : 38 He hath forsaken his covert , as the lion : for their land is desolate because of the fierceness of the oppressor , and because of his fierce anger .
The first question on her side , which led to farther particulars , was ,
2 : 7 The LORD hath cast off his altar , he hath abhorred his sanctuary , he hath given up into the hand of the enemy the walls of her palaces ; they have made a noise in the house of the LORD , as in the day of a solemn feast .
I see the difference plain enough .
It was almost enough to spread purification and perfume all the way .
36 : 26 Behold , God is great , and we know him not , neither can the number of his years be searched out .
37 : 19 And they said one to another , Behold , this dreamer cometh .
can I bring him back again ?
Besides the Eltons , it must be the Westons and Mr . Knightley ; so far it was all of course -- and it was hardly less inevitable that poor little Harriet must be asked to make the eighth :-- but this invitation was not given with equal satisfaction , and on many accounts Emma was particularly pleased by Harriet ' s begging to be allowed to decline it .
" Did you say that you had something to tell me , sir ?"
And under such a supposition , which would have been most miserable , when time had disclosed all , too late ?
I saw them turn the corner from Bath Street just now .
15 : 12 And again , Esaias saith , There shall be a root of Jesse , and he that shall rise to reign over the Gentiles ; in him shall the Gentiles trust .
" Not I , indeed .
" You may certainly ask to be forgiven ," said Elinor , " because you have offended ;-- and I should think you might NOW venture so far as to profess some concern for having ever formed the engagement which drew on you your mother ' s anger ."
2 : 8 And then shall that Wicked be revealed , whom the Lord shall consume with the spirit of his mouth , and shall destroy with the brightness of his coming : 2 : 9 Even him , whose coming is after the working of Satan with all power and signs and lying wonders , 2 : 10 And with all deceivableness of unrighteousness in them that perish ; because they received not the love of the truth , that they might be saved .
23 : 15 And David saw that Saul was come out to seek his life : and David was in the wilderness of Ziph in a wood .
Lord !
6 : 42 And they did all eat , and were filled .
10 : 12 Thou hast granted me life and favour , and thy visitation hath preserved my spirit .
4 : 4 He taught me also , and said unto me , Let thine heart retain my words : keep my commandments , and live .
27 : 13 And when the south wind blew softly , supposing that they had obtained their purpose , loosing thence , they sailed close by Crete .
He saith not , And to seeds , as of many ; but as of one , And to thy seed , which is Christ .
16 : 24 And he cried and said , Father Abraham , have mercy on me , and send Lazarus , that he may dip the tip of his finger in water , and cool my tongue ; for I am tormented in this flame .
Every part of it brought pain and humiliation , of some sort or other ; but , compared with the evil to Harriet , all was light ; and she would gladly have submitted to feel yet more mistaken -- more in error -- more disgraced by mis - judgment , than she actually was , could the effects of her blunders have been confined to herself .
Now therefore present yourselves before the LORD by your tribes , and by your thousands .
when thou seest the naked , that thou cover him ; and that thou hide not thyself from thine own flesh ?
23 : 17 Then Paul called one of the centurions unto him , and said , Bring this young man unto the chief captain : for he hath a certain thing to tell him .
It was possible that he might stop in his way home to ask them how they did .
Her brother and sister came back delighted with their new acquaintance , and their visit in general .
4 : 13 And the LORD said , Even thus shall the children of Israel eat their defiled bread among the Gentiles , whither I will drive them .
It is but natural that he should like to see her as well as ourselves ."
19 : 4 The nations also heard of him ; he was taken in their pit , and they brought him with chains unto the land of Egypt .
" Four o ' clock !-- depend upon it he will be here by three ," was Mr . Weston ' s quick amendment ; and so ended a most satisfactory meeting .
108 : 3 I will praise thee , O LORD , among the people : and I will sing praises unto thee among the nations .
7 : 16 I came near unto one of them that stood by , and asked him the truth of all this .
" Very like Maple Grove indeed !-- She was quite struck by the likeness !-- That room was the very shape and size of the morning - room at Maple Grove ; her sister ' s favourite room ."
" No bad news , Colonel , I hope ;" said Mrs . Jennings , as soon as he entered the room .
4 : 4 The tongue of the sucking child cleaveth to the roof of his mouth for thirst : the young children ask bread , and no man breaketh it unto them .
THE CHIMNEY - SWEEPER
2 : 20 Notwithstanding I have a few things against thee , because thou sufferest that woman Jezebel , which calleth herself a prophetess , to teach and to seduce my servants to commit fornication , and to eat things sacrificed unto idols .
Disputable , however , as might be the taste of such a termination , it was in itself a charming walk , and the view which closed it extremely pretty .-- The considerable slope , at nearly the foot of which the Abbey stood , gradually acquired a steeper form beyond its grounds ; and at half a mile distant was a bank of considerable abruptness and grandeur , well clothed with wood ;-- and at the bottom of this bank , favourably placed and sheltered , rose the Abbey Mill Farm , with meadows in front , and the river making a close and handsome curve around it .
30 : 14 All thy lovers have forgotten thee ; they seek thee not ; for I have wounded thee with the wound of an enemy , with the chastisement of a cruel one , for the multitude of thine iniquity ; because thy sins were increased .
From situation , Mrs Clay was , in Lady Russell ' s estimate , a very unequal , and in her character she believed a very dangerous companion ; and a removal that would leave Mrs Clay behind , and bring a choice of more suitable intimates within Miss Elliot ' s reach , was therefore an object of first - rate importance .
As to an additional servant , the expense would be a trifle ; Mamma she was sure would never object to it ; and any horse would do for HIM ; he might always get one at the park ; as to a stable , the merest shed would be sufficient .
And he that sounded the trumpet was by me .
7 : 24 And under the brim of it round about there were knops compassing it , ten in a cubit , compassing the sea round about : the knops were cast in two rows , when it was cast .
A valuable legacy indeed !
19 : 3 The foolishness of man perverteth his way : and his heart fretteth against the LORD .
69 : 22 Let their table become a snare before them : and that which should have been for their welfare , let it become a trap .
5 : 5 And the pride of Israel doth testify to his face : therefore shall Israel and Ephraim fall in their iniquity : Judah also shall fall with them .
She watched , observed , reflected , and finally determined that this was not a case of fortitude or of resignation only .
But now , do not stand upon ceremony .
26 : 20 And Azariah the chief priest , and all the priests , looked upon him , and , behold , he was leprous in his forehead , and they thrust him out from thence ; yea , himself hasted also to go out , because the LORD had smitten him .
19 : 28 And Jesus said unto them , Verily I say unto you , That ye which have followed me , in the regeneration when the Son of man shall sit in the throne of his glory , ye also shall sit upon twelve thrones , judging the twelve tribes of Israel .
" Invited !"
7 : 11 And the LORD said unto Moses , They shall offer their offering , each prince on his day , for the dedicating of the altar .
13 : 34 A new commandment I give unto you , That ye love one another ; as I have loved you , that ye also love one another .
21 : 26 And he was buried in his sepulchre in the garden of Uzza : and Josiah his son reigned in his stead .
Emma spoke her pity so very kindly , that with a sudden accession of gay thought , he cried ,
26 : 4 Moreover the sons of Obededom were , Shemaiah the firstborn , Jehozabad the second , Joah the third , and Sacar the fourth , and Nethaneel the fifth .
We may well say that ` our lot is cast in a goodly heritage .'
26 : 6 He that sendeth a message by the hand of a fool cutteth off the feet , and drinketh damage .
38 : 5 And he cast four rings for the four ends of the grate of brass , to be places for the staves .
" I could meet him no other way .
I feel a strong persuasion , this morning , that I shall soon be abroad .
6 : 1 O ye children of Benjamin , gather yourselves to flee out of the midst of Jerusalem , and blow the trumpet in Tekoa , and set up a sign of fire in Bethhaccerem : for evil appeareth out of the north , and great destruction .
2 : 42 And as the toes of the feet were part of iron , and part of clay , so the kingdom shall be partly strong , and partly broken .
23 : 16 I will therefore chastise him , and release him .
5 : 14 And the vessels also of gold and silver of the house of God , which Nebuchadnezzar took out of the temple that was in Jerusalem , and brought them into the temple of Babylon , those did Cyrus the king take out of the temple of Babylon , and they were delivered unto one , whose name was Sheshbazzar , whom he had made governor ; 5 : 15 And said unto him , Take these vessels , go , carry them into the temple that is in Jerusalem , and let the house of God be builded in his place .
Anne mentioned the glimpses she had had of him at Lyme , but without being much attended to .
I have been acquainted with you by character many years .
The first heedless scheme had been to go in the morning and return at night ; but to this Mr Musgrove , for the sake of his horses , would not consent ; and when it came to be rationally considered , a day in the middle of November would not leave much time for seeing a new place , after deducting seven hours , as the nature of the country required , for going and returning .
49 : 21 The earth is moved at the noise of their fall , at the cry the noise thereof was heard in the Red sea .
18 : 26 Then said Eliakim the son of Hilkiah , and Shebna , and Joah , unto Rabshakeh , Speak , I pray thee , to thy servants in the Syrian language ; for we understand it : and talk not with us in the Jews ' language in the ears of the people that are on the wall .
repeated Edward --" but why must you have hunters ?
I never had much opinion of the sea air ."
9 : 37 And Gaal spake again , and said , See there come people down by the middle of the land , and another company come along by the plain of Meonenim .
22 : 13 They gaped upon me with their mouths , as a ravening and a roaring lion .
said Mrs . Jennings , " that is HER revenge .
17 : 27 They did eat , they drank , they married wives , they were given in marriage , until the day that Noe entered into the ark , and the flood came , and destroyed them all .
36 : 20 And them that had escaped from the sword carried he away to Babylon ; where they were servants to him and his sons until the reign of the kingdom of Persia : 36 : 21 To fulfil the word of the LORD by the mouth of Jeremiah , until the land had enjoyed her sabbaths : for as long as she lay desolate she kept sabbath , to fulfil threescore and ten years .
Have you forgot that we are engaged to Camden Place to - morrow night ?
68 : 12 Kings of armies did flee apace : and she that tarried at home divided the spoil .
4 : 28 And Moses told Aaron all the words of the LORD who had sent him , and all the signs which he had commanded him .
No misfortune occurred , again to prevent the ball .
11 : 30 For my yoke is easy , and my burden is light .
6 : 16 And the LORD said unto him , Surely I will be with thee , and thou shalt smite the Midianites as one man .
35 : 5 Because thou hast had a perpetual hatred , and hast shed the blood of the children of Israel by the force of the sword in the time of their calamity , in the time that their iniquity had an end : 35 : 6 Therefore , as I live , saith the Lord GOD , I will prepare thee unto blood , and blood shall pursue thee : sith thou hast not hated blood , even blood shall pursue thee .
8 : 19 Then came to him his mother and his brethren , and could not come at him for the press .
and where will ye leave your glory ?
No symptoms worse than before had appeared .
5 : 1 And they came over unto the other side of the sea , into the country of the Gadarenes .
Mr . Elton , in very good spirits , was one of the first to walk in .
5 : 3 I have put off my coat ; how shall I put it on ?
and from whence come ye ?
" You surprise me very much .
She wondered that Lucy ' s spirits could be so very much elevated by the civility of Mrs . Ferrars ;-- that her interest and her vanity should so very much blind her as to make the attention which seemed only paid her because she was NOT ELINOR , appear a compliment to herself -- or to allow her to derive encouragement from a preference only given her , because her real situation was unknown .
" Where is Marianne ?
5 : 14 Greet ye one another with a kiss of charity .
so considerate !-- But however , she is so far from well , that her kind friends the Campbells think she had better come home , and try an air that always agrees with her ; and they have no doubt that three or four months at Highbury will entirely cure her -- and it is certainly a great deal better that she should come here , than go to Ireland , if she is unwell .
14 : 11 Thy pomp is brought down to the grave , and the noise of thy viols : the worm is spread under thee , and the worms cover thee .
26 : 20 And the sons of Judah after their families were ; of Shelah , the family of the Shelanites : of Pharez , the family of the Pharzites : of Zerah , the family of the Zarhites .
Ever since the service he rendered Jane at Weymouth , when they were out in that party on the water , and she , by the sudden whirling round of something or other among the sails , would have been dashed into the sea at once , and actually was all but gone , if he had not , with the greatest presence of mind , caught hold of her habit -- ( I can never think of it without trembling !)
4 : 22 And all bare him witness , and wondered at the gracious words which proceeded out of his mouth .
1 : 22 Of the children of Simeon , by their generations , after their families , by the house of their fathers , those that were numbered of them , according to the number of the names , by their polls , every male from twenty years old and upward , all that were able to go forth to war ; 1 : 23 Those that were numbered of them , even of the tribe of Simeon , were fifty and nine thousand and three hundred .
the letter had much better be all your own .
13 : 10 But as for us , the LORD is our God , and we have not forsaken him ; and the priests , which minister unto the LORD , are the sons of Aaron , and the Levites wait upon their business : 13 : 11 And they burn unto the LORD every morning and every evening burnt sacrifices and sweet incense : the shewbread also set they in order upon the pure table ; and the candlestick of gold with the lamps thereof , to burn every evening : for we keep the charge of the LORD our God ; but ye have forsaken him .
and after a moment ' s pause , " but you have never asked me one word about our dinner at the Pooles yesterday ."
66 : 4 All the earth shall worship thee , and shall sing unto thee ; they shall sing to thy name .
7 : 13 And when Gideon was come , behold , there was a man that told a dream unto his fellow , and said , Behold , I dreamed a dream , and , lo , a cake of barley bread tumbled into the host of Midian , and came unto a tent , and smote it that it fell , and overturned it , that the tent lay along .
At last Anne was at home again , and happier than any one in that house could have conceived .
It is his own idea .
His manners to THEM , though calm , were perfectly kind ; to Mrs . Jennings , most attentively civil ; and on Colonel Brandon ' s coming in soon after himself , he eyed him with a curiosity which seemed to say , that he only wanted to know him to be rich , to be equally civil to HIM .
Thine own nation and the chief priests have delivered thee unto me : what hast thou done ?
103 : 11 For as the heaven is high above the earth , so great is his mercy toward them that fear him .
And Moses said unto them , Why chide ye with me ?
36 : 7 How excellent is thy lovingkindness , O God !
29 : 4 And Aaron and his sons thou shalt bring unto the door of the tabernacle of the congregation , and shalt wash them with water .
You will soon be able to judge of the general credit due , by listening to some particulars which you can yourself immediately contradict or confirm .
And all the congregation murmured against the princes .
And they dwelt in their steads until the captivity .
4 : 7 But the end of all things is at hand : be ye therefore sober , and watch unto prayer .
14 : 19 And the angel of God , which went before the camp of Israel , removed and went behind them ; and the pillar of the cloud went from before their face , and stood behind them : 14 : 20 And it came between the camp of the Egyptians and the camp of Israel ; and it was a cloud and darkness to them , but it gave light by night to these : so that the one came not near the other all the night .
The Musgroves could hardly be more ready to invite than he to come , particularly in the morning , when he had no companion at home , for the Admiral and Mrs Croft were generally out of doors together , interesting themselves in their new possessions , their grass , and their sheep , and dawdling about in a way not endurable to a third person , or driving out in a gig , lately added to their establishment .
This will be complete enjoyment ; and I do not know , Mrs . Elton , whether the uncertainty of our meetings , the sort of constant expectation there will be of his coming in to - day or to - morrow , and at any hour , may not be more friendly to happiness than having him actually in the house .
41 : 48 And he gathered up all the food of the seven years , which were in the land of Egypt , and laid up the food in the cities : the food of the field , which was round about every city , laid he up in the same .
59 : 6 They return at evening : they make a noise like a dog , and go round about the city .
51 : 14 The captive exile hasteneth that he may be loosed , and that he should not die in the pit , nor that his bread should fail .
8 : 5 Also he built Bethhoron the upper , and Bethhoron the nether , fenced cities , with walls , gates , and bars ; 8 : 6 And Baalath , and all the store cities that Solomon had , and all the chariot cities , and the cities of the horsemen , and all that Solomon desired to build in Jerusalem , and in Lebanon , and throughout all the land of his dominion .
But of the matter of the kingdom , whereof Samuel spake , he told him not .
And the sons of Ishi ; Sheshan .
If I loved a man , as she loves the Admiral , I would always be with him , nothing should ever separate us , and I would rather be overturned by him , than driven safely by anybody else ."
22 : 29 And Balaam said unto the ass , Because thou hast mocked me : I would there were a sword in mine hand , for now would I kill thee .
Amen .
20 : 14 But when the husbandmen saw him , they reasoned among themselves , saying , This is the heir : come , let us kill him , that the inheritance may be ours .
And he said , Of a child .
18 : 7 A fool ' s mouth is his destruction , and his lips are the snare of his soul .
2 : 5 When Jesus saw their faith , he said unto the sick of the palsy , Son , thy sins be forgiven thee .
20 : 19 And the chief priests and the scribes the same hour sought to lay hands on him ; and they feared the people : for they perceived that he had spoken this parable against them .
If Jane does not get well soon , we will call in Mr . Perry .
It will be the only difference ."
Mrs Clay ' s affections had overpowered her interest , and she had sacrificed , for the young man ' s sake , the possibility of scheming longer for Sir Walter .
8 : 6 And the people with one accord gave heed unto those things which Philip spake , hearing and seeing the miracles which he did .
for who is this uncircumcised Philistine , that he should defy the armies of the living God ?
If not wise or refined herself , she would have connected him with those who were ; but Miss Hawkins , it might be fairly supposed from her easy conceit , had been the best of her own set .
5 : 6 For in Jesus Christ neither circumcision availeth any thing , nor uncircumcision ; but faith which worketh by love .
25 : 8 And in the fifth month , on the seventh day of the month , which is the nineteenth year of king Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon , came Nebuzaradan , captain of the guard , a servant of the king of Babylon , unto Jerusalem : 25 : 9 And he burnt the house of the LORD , and the king ' s house , and all the houses of Jerusalem , and every great man ' s house burnt he with fire .
` Nobody was ever so fortunate as herself !'
They will be so very happy to see you ."
1 : 1 Now in the first year of Cyrus king of Persia , that the word of the LORD by the mouth of Jeremiah might be fulfilled , the LORD stirred up the spirit of Cyrus king of Persia , that he made a proclamation throughout all his kingdom , and put it also in writing , saying , 1 : 2 Thus saith Cyrus king of Persia , The LORD God of heaven hath given me all the kingdoms of the earth ; and he hath charged me to build him an house at Jerusalem , which is in Judah .
Is it so , that there is not a wise man among you ?
7 : 51 Ye stiffnecked and uncircumcised in heart and ears , ye do always resist the Holy Ghost : as your fathers did , so do ye .
1 : 7 And of the angels he saith , Who maketh his angels spirits , and his ministers a flame of fire .
13 : 10 And Amnon said unto Tamar , Bring the meat into the chamber , that I may eat of thine hand .
19 : 13 Then certain of the vagabond Jews , exorcists , took upon them to call over them which had evil spirits the name of the LORD Jesus , saying , We adjure you by Jesus whom Paul preacheth .
" John is in such spirits today !"
42 : 11 Then came there unto him all his brethren , and all his sisters , and all they that had been of his acquaintance before , and did eat bread with him in his house : and they bemoaned him , and comforted him over all the evil that the LORD had brought upon him : every man also gave him a piece of money , and every one an earring of gold .
9 : 2 Oh that I had in the wilderness a lodging place of wayfaring men ; that I might leave my people , and go from them !
This decision checked Mary ' s eagerness , and stopped her short in the midst of the Elliot countenance .
33 : 8 Surely thou hast spoken in mine hearing , and I have heard the voice of thy words , saying , 33 : 9 I am clean without transgression , I am innocent ; neither is there iniquity in me .
Witness this very time .
1 : 15 Behold , thou art fair , my love ; behold , thou art fair ; thou hast doves ' eyes .
23 : 41 And ye shall keep it a feast unto the LORD seven days in the year .
20 : 26 And ye shall be holy unto me : for I the LORD am holy , and have severed you from other people , that ye should be mine .
" I am ready , if the others are ."
6 : 68 Then Simon Peter answered him , Lord , to whom shall we go ?
If you CAN pity me , Miss Dashwood , pity my situation as it was THEN .
" DEAR SIR ,
12 : 8 And in the morning came the word of the LORD unto me , saying , 12 : 9 Son of man , hath not the house of Israel , the rebellious house , said unto thee , What doest thou ?
18 : 5 And when the Syrians of Damascus came to help Hadarezer king of Zobah , David slew of the Syrians two and twenty thousand men .
So then , I try to put it out of her thoughts , and say , Come ma ' am , do not let us think about it any more ."
2 : 8 And how hear we every man in our own tongue , wherein we were born ?
6 : 28 And he overlaid the cherubims with gold .
With a great deal of quiet observation , and a knowledge , which she often wished less , of her father ' s character , she was sensible that results the most serious to his family from the intimacy were more than possible .
wilt thou be angry for ever ?
" Happy couple !"
He said unto him , Thou hast said .
13 : 13 Now when Paul and his company loosed from Paphos , they came to Perga in Pamphylia : and John departing from them returned to Jerusalem .
I assure you I feel it none .
4 : 25 For this Agar is mount Sinai in Arabia , and answereth to Jerusalem which now is , and is in bondage with her children .
The loss of the ball -- the loss of the young man -- and all that the young man might be feeling !-- It was too wretched !-- Such a delightful evening as it would have been !-- Every body so happy !
" I can listen no longer in silence .
8 : 5 Of the sons of Shechaniah ; the son of Jahaziel , and with him three hundred males .
4 : 16 And he came to Nazareth , where he had been brought up : and , as his custom was , he went into the synagogue on the sabbath day , and stood up for to read .
32 : 30 How should one chase a thousand , and two put ten thousand to flight , except their Rock had sold them , and the LORD had shut them up ?
45 : 17 And Pharaoh said unto Joseph , Say unto thy brethren , This do ye ; lade your beasts , and go , get you unto the land of Canaan ; 45 : 18 And take your father and your households , and come unto me : and I will give you the good of the land of Egypt , and ye shall eat the fat of the land .
23 : 10 Pass through thy land as a river , O daughter of Tarshish : there is no more strength .
6 : 30 Then the men of the city said unto Joash , Bring out thy son , that he may die : because he hath cast down the altar of Baal , and because he hath cut down the grove that was by it .
10 : 18 And among the sons of the priests there were found that had taken strange wives : namely , of the sons of Jeshua the son of Jozadak , and his brethren ; Maaseiah , and Eliezer , and Jarib , and Gedaliah .
3 : 28 And afterward when David heard it , he said , I and my kingdom are guiltless before the LORD for ever from the blood of Abner the son of Ner : 3 : 29 Let it rest on the head of Joab , and on all his father ' s house ; and let there not fail from the house of Joab one that hath an issue , or that is a leper , or that leaneth on a staff , or that falleth on the sword , or that lacketh bread .
49 : 11 Binding his foal unto the vine , and his ass ' s colt unto the choice vine ; he washed his garments in wine , and his clothes in the blood of grapes : 49 : 12 His eyes shall be red with wine , and his teeth white with milk .
11 : 17 Then when Jesus came , he found that he had lain in the grave four days already .
Campbell ."
" I am sure ," said she , " I have no doubt in the world of your faithfully keeping this secret , because you must know of what importance it is to us , not to have it reach his mother ; for she would never approve of it , I dare say .
10 : 43 But so shall it not be among you : but whosoever will be great among you , shall be your minister : 10 : 44 And whosoever of you will be the chiefest , shall be servant of all .
He heard her with the most earnest attention , but seeming to recollect himself , said no more on the subject , and began directly to speak of his pleasure at seeing them in London , making the usual inquiries about their journey , and the friends they had left behind .
27 : 21 Cursed be he that lieth with any manner of beast .
He was standing by himself at a printshop window , with his hands behind him , in earnest contemplation of some print , and she not only might have passed him unseen , but was obliged to touch as well as address him before she could catch his notice .
12 : 9 And the anger of the LORD was kindled against them ; and he departed .
And in return for an acknowledgment , which must give me some pain , you cannot deny me the privilege of disliking him as much as ever ."
6 : 14 Be ye not unequally yoked together with unbelievers : for what fellowship hath righteousness with unrighteousness ?
16 : 38 And the serjeants told these words unto the magistrates : and they feared , when they heard that they were Romans .
60 : 18 Violence shall no more be heard in thy land , wasting nor destruction within thy borders ; but thou shalt call thy walls Salvation , and thy gates Praise .
19 : 15 And he said unto the people , Be ready against the third day : come not at your wives .
2 : 36 This is the dream ; and we will tell the interpretation thereof before the king .
So the Syrians feared to help the children of Ammon any more .
That could not be -- and I was formally dismissed from her favour and her house .
2 : 23 So the two men returned , and descended from the mountain , and passed over , and came to Joshua the son of Nun , and told him all things that befell them : 2 : 24 And they said unto Joshua , Truly the LORD hath delivered into our hands all the land ; for even all the inhabitants of the country do faint because of us .
You begged hard to be commanded to come ."
18 : 3 And this shall be the priest ' s due from the people , from them that offer a sacrifice , whether it be ox or sheep ; and they shall give unto the priest the shoulder , and the two cheeks , and the maw .
This discovery laid many smaller matters open .
33 : 9 The earth mourneth and languisheth : Lebanon is ashamed and hewn down : Sharon is like a wilderness ; and Bashan and Carmel shake off their fruits .
And they said , Go up ; for the LORD shall deliver it into the hand of the king .
11 : 22 And with the arms of a flood shall they be overflown from before him , and shall be broken ; yea , also the prince of the covenant .
50 : 9 I will take no bullock out of thy house , nor he goats out of thy folds .
3 : 22 And after him repaired the priests , the men of the plain .
24 : 22 And Araunah said unto David , Let my lord the king take and offer up what seemeth good unto him : behold , here be oxen for burnt sacrifice , and threshing instruments and other instruments of the oxen for wood .
7 : 7 And the king arising from the banquet of wine in his wrath went into the palace garden : and Haman stood up to make request for his life to Esther the queen ; for he saw that there was evil determined against him by the king .
I am sure you must have heard of her before .
9 : 20 And so it was , when the cloud was a few days upon the tabernacle ; according to the commandment of the LORD they abode in their tents , and according to the commandment of the LORD they journeyed .
Mr . and Mrs . Elton appeared ; and all the smiles and the proprieties passed .
29 : 7 Also they have shut up the doors of the porch , and put out the lamps , and have not burned incense nor offered burnt offerings in the holy place unto the God of Israel .
32 : 25 And when he saw that he prevailed not against him , he touched the hollow of his thigh ; and the hollow of Jacob ' s thigh was out of joint , as he wrestled with him .
51 : 13 Then will I teach transgressors thy ways ; and sinners shall be converted unto thee .
Marianne was in a silent agony , too much oppressed even for tears ; but as Mrs . Jennings was luckily not come home , they could go directly to their own room , where hartshorn restored her a little to herself .
I must love him ; and now that I am satisfied on one point , the one material point , I am sincerely anxious for its all turning out well , and ready to hope that it may .
2 : 42 And when he was twelve years old , they went up to Jerusalem after the custom of the feast .
or , Redeem me from the hand of the mighty ?
9 : 22 But Saul increased the more in strength , and confounded the Jews which dwelt at Damascus , proving that this is very Christ .
22 : 9 Thou shalt not sow thy vineyard with divers seeds : lest the fruit of thy seed which thou hast sown , and the fruit of thy vineyard , be defiled .
1 : 39 And Mary arose in those days , and went into the hill country with haste , into a city of Juda ; 1 : 40 And entered into the house of Zacharias , and saluted Elisabeth .
She now felt a great inclination to go to the outer door ; she wanted to see if it rained .
and to whom hath the arm of the Lord been revealed ?
It seemed too precious an offering for any degree of publicity .
Mrs . Dashwood was sorry for what she had said ; but it gave Elinor pleasure , as it produced a reply from Marianne so expressive of confidence in Willoughby and knowledge of his intentions .
As soon as he could , he began to talk to her of Lyme , wanting to compare opinions respecting the place , but especially wanting to speak of the circumstance of their happening to be guests in the same inn at the same time ; to give his own route , understand something of hers , and regret that he should have lost such an opportunity of paying his respects to her .
The setting always casts a different shade on it , you know ."
for I am sent to thee with heavy tidings .
If it can be contrived to be at the Crown , papa , it will be very convenient for the horses .
Thus they spake before the king .
he had never written , hardly ever , any thing of the kind in his life .
17 : 9 I pray for them : I pray not for the world , but for them which thou hast given me ; for they are thine .
35 : 13 And they roasted the passover with fire according to the ordinance : but the other holy offerings sod they in pots , and in caldrons , and in pans , and divided them speedily among all the people .
29 : 4 And the princes of the Philistines were wroth with him ; and the princes of the Philistines said unto him , Make this fellow return , that he may go again to his place which thou hast appointed him , and let him not go down with us to battle , lest in the battle he be an adversary to us : for wherewith should he reconcile himself unto his master ?
And Jesus said unto them , Ye shall indeed drink of the cup that I drink of ; and with the baptism that I am baptized withal shall ye be baptized : 10 : 40 But to sit on my right hand and on my left hand is not mine to give ; but it shall be given to them for whom it is prepared .
Mrs . Elton had received notice of it that morning , and was in raptures .
They were only concerned that the house could accommodate no more ; and yet perhaps , by " putting the children away in the maid ' s room , or swinging a cot somewhere ," they could hardly bear to think of not finding room for two or three besides , supposing they might wish to stay ; though , with regard to any attendance on Miss Musgrove , there need not be the least uneasiness in leaving her to Mrs Harville ' s care entirely .
You quite shock me ; if you mean a fling at the slave - trade , I assure you Mr . Suckling was always rather a friend to the abolition ."
Selah .
1 : 32 And John bare record , saying , I saw the Spirit descending from heaven like a dove , and it abode upon him .
She had the advantage of him in the preparation of the last few moments .
3 : 23 And this is his commandment , That we should believe on the name of his Son Jesus Christ , and love one another , as he gave us commandment .
It was but a passing emotion however with Mrs Smith ; she shook it off , and soon added in a different tone --
My Elinor , you do not yet know all my happiness .
20 : 12 But , O LORD of hosts , that triest the righteous , and seest the reins and the heart , let me see thy vengeance on them : for unto thee have I opened my cause .
14 : 9 For to this end Christ both died , and rose , and revived , that he might be Lord both of the dead and living .
Oh , no !
1 : 20 Yea , brother , let me have joy of thee in the Lord : refresh my bowels in the Lord .
5 : 9 We gat our bread with the peril of our lives because of the sword of the wilderness .
18 : 35 Pilate answered , Am I a Jew ?
I could not leave it till Louisa ' s doing well was quite ascertained .
4 : 5 But now it is come upon thee , and thou faintest ; it toucheth thee , and thou art troubled .
Chapter 8
or need we , as some others , epistles of commendation to you , or letters of commendation from you ?
63 : 2 Wherefore art thou red in thine apparel , and thy garments like him that treadeth in the winefat ?
12 : 20 Therefore if thine enemy hunger , feed him ; if he thirst , give him drink : for in so doing thou shalt heap coals of fire on his head .
54 : 1 Sing , O barren , thou that didst not bear ; break forth into singing , and cry aloud , thou that didst not travail with child : for more are the children of the desolate than the children of the married wife , saith the LORD .
1 : 1 Adam , Sheth , Enosh , 1 : 2 Kenan , Mahalaleel , Jered , 1 : 3 Henoch , Methuselah , Lamech , 1 : 4 Noah , Shem , Ham , and Japheth .
11 : 38 And when the Pharisee saw it , he marvelled that he had not first washed before dinner .
26 : 26 And as they were eating , Jesus took bread , and blessed it , and brake it , and gave it to the disciples , and said , Take , eat ; this is my body .
He was invited on good faith .
45 : 27 And they told him all the words of Joseph , which he had said unto them : and when he saw the wagons which Joseph had sent to carry him , the spirit of Jacob their father revived : 45 : 28 And Israel said , It is enough ; Joseph my son is yet alive : I will go and see him before I die .
10 : 13 In the lips of him that hath understanding wisdom is found : but a rod is for the back of him that is void of understanding .
4 : 29 But if from thence thou shalt seek the LORD thy God , thou shalt find him , if thou seek him with all thy heart and with all thy soul .
Think , then , what I must have endured in hearing it bandied between the Eltons with all the vulgarity of needless repetition , and all the insolence of imaginary superiority .
1 : 3 The voice of one crying in the wilderness , Prepare ye the way of the Lord , make his paths straight .
6 : 2 And they that have believing masters , let them not despise them , because they are brethren ; but rather do them service , because they are faithful and beloved , partakers of the benefit .
Her father never went beyond the shrubbery , where two divisions of the ground sufficed him for his long walk , or his short , as the year varied ; and since Mrs . Weston ' s marriage her exercise had been too much confined .
18 : 17 And they took Absalom , and cast him into a great pit in the wood , and laid a very great heap of stones upon him : and all Israel fled every one to his tent .
45 : 3 And Joseph said unto his brethren , I am Joseph ; doth my father yet live ?
6 : 24 And the king commanded , and they brought those men which had accused Daniel , and they cast them into the den of lions , them , their children , and their wives ; and the lions had the mastery of them , and brake all their bones in pieces or ever they came at the bottom of the den .
38 : 29 Out of whose womb came the ice ?
hath he no heir ?
22 : 10 And the king of Israel and Jehoshaphat the king of Judah sat each on his throne , having put on their robes , in a void place in the entrance of the gate of Samaria ; and all the prophets prophesied before them .
21 : 2 And the king called the Gibeonites , and said unto them ; ( now the Gibeonites were not of the children of Israel , but of the remnant of the Amorites ; and the children of Israel had sworn unto them : and Saul sought to slay them in his zeal to the children of Israel and Judah .)
7 : 6 He answered and said unto them , Well hath Esaias prophesied of you hypocrites , as it is written , This people honoureth me with their lips , but their heart is far from me .
46 : 23 And the sons of Dan ; Hushim .
" Walter ," cried Charles Hayter , " why do you not do as you are bid ?
49 : 11 Leave thy fatherless children , I will preserve them alive ; and let thy widows trust in me .
1 : 4 The ungodly are not so : but are like the chaff which the wind driveth away .
and how shall they believe in him of whom they have not heard ?
18 : 20 Thou sayest , ( but they are but vain words ,) I have counsel and strength for the war .
How can Emma imagine she has any thing to learn herself , while Harriet is presenting such a delightful inferiority ?
3 : 21 Of Gershon was the family of the Libnites , and the family of the Shimites : these are the families of the Gershonites .
Well , I am glad she is gone to settle in Ireland ."
12 : 13 And they send unto him certain of the Pharisees and of the Herodians , to catch him in his words .
13 : 6 And the land was not able to bear them , that they might dwell together : for their substance was great , so that they could not dwell together .
She was perfectly disposed to make every allowance for the colonel ' s advanced state of life which humanity required .
1 : 12 And when Zacharias saw him , he was troubled , and fear fell upon him .
9 : 29 Then touched he their eyes , saying , According to your faith be it unto you .
" But she is so amusing , so extremely amusing !
" You have made her too tall , Emma ," said Mr . Knightley .
born but to smile & fall .
4 : 3 But know that the LORD hath set apart him that is godly for himself : the LORD will hear when I call unto him .
26 : 10 Also Hosah , of the children of Merari , had sons ; Simri the chief , ( for though he was not the firstborn , yet his father made him the chief ;) 26 : 11 Hilkiah the second , Tebaliah the third , Zechariah the fourth : all the sons and brethren of Hosah were thirteen .
3 : 2 O LORD , I have heard thy speech , and was afraid : O LORD , revive thy work in the midst of the years , in the midst of the years make known ; in wrath remember mercy .
" One ought to use the same caution , perhaps , in judging of the conduct of any one individual of any one family ; but Enscombe , I believe , certainly must not be judged by general rules : _she_ is so very unreasonable ; and every thing gives way to her ."
2 : 44 And Shema begat Raham , the father of Jorkoam : and Rekem begat Shammai .
Accordingly , with a mixture of the serious and the playful , which she hoped would best suit his half and half state , she replied ,
22 : 27 Her princes in the midst thereof are like wolves ravening the prey , to shed blood , and to destroy souls , to get dishonest gain .
24 : 42 And they gave him a piece of a broiled fish , and of an honeycomb .
Mrs . Dashwood WOULD sit up with her all night ; and Elinor , in compliance with her mother ' s entreaty , went to bed .
4 : 4 But he answered and said , It is written , Man shall not live by bread alone , but by every word that proceedeth out of the mouth of God .
" A little .
41 : 41 And Pharaoh said unto Joseph , See , I have set thee over all the land of Egypt .
114 : 4 The mountains skipped like rams , and the little hills like lambs .
7 : 14 And when he had called all the people unto him , he said unto them , Hearken unto me every one of you , and understand : 7 : 15 There is nothing from without a man , that entering into him can defile him : but the things which come out of him , those are they that defile the man .
walked we not in the same spirit ?
9 : 43 And he took the people , and divided them into three companies , and laid wait in the field , and looked , and , behold , the people were come forth out of the city ; and he rose up against them , and smote them .
" You will soon be cooler , if you sit still ," said Emma .
O LORD God of Israel , I beseech thee , tell thy servant .
But you , who have known Miss Fairfax from a child , must be a better judge of her character , and of how she is likely to conduct herself in critical situations , than I can be ."
come , and I will send thee unto them .
13 : 11 When I was a child , I spake as a child , I understood as a child , I thought as a child : but when I became a man , I put away childish things .
The very last person whom one should expect to be forgotten !-- My dear Mr . E ., he must have left a message for you , I am sure he must .-- Not even Knightley could be so very eccentric ;-- and his servants forgot it .
18 : 25 Yet ye say , The way of the LORD is not equal .
He might be able to join them in the evening , but certainly not to dinner .
They were called on to share in the awkwardness of a rather long interval between the courses , and obliged to be as formal and as orderly as the others ; but when the table was again safely covered , when every corner dish was placed exactly right , and occupation and ease were generally restored , Emma said ,
19 : 25 And their border was Helkath , and Hali , and Beten , and Achshaph , 19 : 26 And Alammelech , and Amad , and Misheal ; and reacheth to Carmel westward , and to Shihorlibnath ; 19 : 27 And turneth toward the sunrising to Bethdagon , and reacheth to Zebulun , and to the valley of Jiphthahel toward the north side of Bethemek , and Neiel , and goeth out to Cabul on the left hand , 19 : 28 And Hebron , and Rehob , and Hammon , and Kanah , even unto great Zidon ; 19 : 29 And then the coast turneth to Ramah , and to the strong city Tyre ; and the coast turneth to Hosah ; and the outgoings thereof are at the sea from the coast to Achzib : 19 : 30 Ummah also , and Aphek , and Rehob : twenty and two cities with their villages .
2 : 6 Wherefore also it is contained in the scripture , Behold , I lay in Sion a chief corner stone , elect , precious : and he that believeth on him shall not be confounded .
23 : 16 And Jonathan Saul ' s son arose , and went to David into the wood , and strengthened his hand in God .
" Oh !
13 : 31 Therefore , when he was gone out , Jesus said , Now is the Son of man glorified , and God is glorified in him .
24 : 32 And the man came into the house : and he ungirded his camels , and gave straw and provender for the camels , and water to wash his feet , and the men ' s feet that were with him .
6 : 13 And when it was day , he called unto him his disciples : and of them he chose twelve , whom also he named apostles ; 6 : 14 Simon , ( whom he also named Peter ,) and Andrew his brother , James and John , Philip and Bartholomew , 6 : 15 Matthew and Thomas , James the son of Alphaeus , and Simon called Zelotes , 6 : 16 And Judas the brother of James , and Judas Iscariot , which also was the traitor .
2 : 5 Let this mind be in you , which was also in Christ Jesus : 2 : 6 Who , being in the form of God , thought it not robbery to be equal with God : 2 : 7 But made himself of no reputation , and took upon him the form of a servant , and was made in the likeness of men : 2 : 8 And being found in fashion as a man , he humbled himself , and became obedient unto death , even the death of the cross .
Anne caught his eye , saw his cheeks glow , and his mouth form itself into a momentary expression of contempt , and turned away , that she might neither see nor hear more to vex her .
" Oh !
3 : 8 And it came to pass at midnight , that the man was afraid , and turned himself : and , behold , a woman lay at his feet .
The good understanding between the Colonel and Miss Dashwood seemed rather to declare that the honours of the mulberry - tree , the canal , and the yew arbour , would all be made over to HER ; and Mrs . Jennings had , for some time ceased to think at all of Mrs . Ferrars .
16 : 24 Pleasant words are as an honeycomb , sweet to the soul , and health to the bones .
44 : 22 Neither shall they take for their wives a widow , nor her that is put away : but they shall take maidens of the seed of the house of Israel , or a widow that had a priest before .
16 : 6 And he saith unto them , Be not affrighted : Ye seek Jesus of Nazareth , which was crucified : he is risen ; he is not here : behold the place where they laid him .
8 : 9 Of the sons of Joab ; Obadiah the son of Jehiel , and with him two hundred and eighteen males .
She exerted herself , and did try to make her comfortable , by considering all that had passed as a mere trifle , and quite unworthy of being dwelt on ,
Had he been in a situation to act independently and marry immediately , it might have been odd that he should leave us without acknowledging everything to me at once : but this is not the case .
28 : 7 And Zichri , a mighty man of Ephraim , slew Maaseiah the king ' s son , and Azrikam the governor of the house , and Elkanah that was next to the king .
12 : 26 Only thy holy things which thou hast , and thy vows , thou shalt take , and go unto the place which the LORD shall choose : 12 : 27 And thou shalt offer thy burnt offerings , the flesh and the blood , upon the altar of the LORD thy God : and the blood of thy sacrifices shall be poured out upon the altar of the LORD thy God , and thou shalt eat the flesh .
The sounds were retreating , and Anne distinguished no more .
They ought to have balls there at least every fortnight through the winter .
8 : 37 If there be in the land famine , if there be pestilence , blasting , mildew , locust , or if there be caterpiller ; if their enemy besiege them in the land of their cities ; whatsoever plague , whatsoever sickness there be ; 8 : 38 What prayer and supplication soever be made by any man , or by all thy people Israel , which shall know every man the plague of his own heart , and spread forth his hands toward this house : 8 : 39 Then hear thou in heaven thy dwelling place , and forgive , and do , and give to every man according to his ways , whose heart thou knowest ; ( for thou , even thou only , knowest the hearts of all the children of men ;) 8 : 40 That they may fear thee all the days that they live in the land which thou gavest unto our fathers .
21 : 4 And it came to pass on the morrow , that the people rose early , and built there an altar , and offered burnt offerings and peace offerings .
Frank comes to - morrow -- I had a letter this morning -- we see him to - morrow by dinner - time to a certainty -- he is at Oxford to - day , and he comes for a whole fortnight ; I knew it would be so .
She looked up at him for a moment , coloured deeply , and played something else .
It is very difficult for the prosperous to be humble .
32 : 13 And he lodged there that same night ; and took of that which came to his hand a present for Esau his brother ; 32 : 14 Two hundred she goats , and twenty he goats , two hundred ewes , and twenty rams , 32 : 15 Thirty milch camels with their colts , forty kine , and ten bulls , twenty she asses , and ten foals .
for ye build the sepulchres of the prophets , and your fathers killed them .
13 : 19 Now there was no smith found throughout all the land of Israel : for the Philistines said , Lest the Hebrews make them swords or spears : 13 : 20 But all the Israelites went down to the Philistines , to sharpen every man his share , and his coulter , and his axe , and his mattock .
27 : 5 And David said unto Achish , If I have now found grace in thine eyes , let them give me a place in some town in the country , that I may dwell there : for why should thy servant dwell in the royal city with thee ?
After securing accommodations , and ordering a dinner at one of the inns , the next thing to be done was unquestionably to walk directly down to the sea .
12 : 1 And the men of Ephraim gathered themselves together , and went northward , and said unto Jephthah , Wherefore passedst thou over to fight against the children of Ammon , and didst not call us to go with thee ?
From this time the subject was never revived by Elinor , and when entered on by Lucy , who seldom missed an opportunity of introducing it , and was particularly careful to inform her confidante , of her happiness whenever she received a letter from Edward , it was treated by the former with calmness and caution , and dismissed as soon as civility would allow ; for she felt such conversations to be an indulgence which Lucy did not deserve , and which were dangerous to herself .
Thank you , my mother is remarkably well .
13 : 4 So they , being sent forth by the Holy Ghost , departed unto Seleucia ; and from thence they sailed to Cyprus .
23 : 23 Surely there is no enchantment against Jacob , neither is there any divination against Israel : according to this time it shall be said of Jacob and of Israel , What hath God wrought !
39 : 10 Canst thou bind the unicorn with his band in the furrow ?
59 : 11 Slay them not , lest my people forget : scatter them by thy power ; and bring them down , O Lord our shield .
I got more acquainted with him last Monday than ever I did before .
66 : 1 Make a joyful noise unto God , all ye lands :
what is his name , and what is his son ' s name , if thou canst tell ?
And he arose and went to Eli , and said , Here am I ; for thou didst call me .
19 : 14 And when Saul sent messengers to take David , she said , He is sick .
22 : 9 And they said unto him , Where wilt thou that we prepare ?
She was thinking only of the last half hour , and as they passed to their seats , her mind took a hasty range over it .
16 : 40 They shall also bring up a company against thee , and they shall stone thee with stones , and thrust thee through with their swords .
or who shall enter into our habitations ?
15 : 7 And there was one named Barabbas , which lay bound with them that had made insurrection with him , who had committed murder in the insurrection .
and when thou art athirst , go unto the vessels , and drink of that which the young men have drawn .
42 : 8 I am the LORD : that is my name : and my glory will I not give to another , neither my praise to graven images .
Is thine eye evil , because I am good ?
27 : 6 And there the centurion found a ship of Alexandria sailing into Italy ; and he put us therein .
106 : 47 Save us , O LORD our God , and gather us from among the heathen , to give thanks unto thy holy name , and to triumph in thy praise .
12 : 1 Now the LORD had said unto Abram , Get thee out of thy country , and from thy kindred , and from thy father ' s house , unto a land that I will shew thee : 12 : 2 And I will make of thee a great nation , and I will bless thee , and make thy name great ; and thou shalt be a blessing : 12 : 3 And I will bless them that bless thee , and curse him that curseth thee : and in thee shall all families of the earth be blessed .
They had no inclination to listen to her .
He knew of no one but Mrs . Goddard to whom he could apply for information of her relations or friends .
33 : 13 Now therefore , I pray thee , if I have found grace in thy sight , shew me now thy way , that I may know thee , that I may find grace in thy sight : and consider that this nation is thy people .
20 : 25 And when Jehoshaphat and his people came to take away the spoil of them , they found among them in abundance both riches with the dead bodies , and precious jewels , which they stripped off for themselves , more than they could carry away : and they were three days in gathering of the spoil , it was so much .
I do not understand it .
2 : 25 And he went from thence to mount Carmel , and from thence he returned to Samaria .
I want to have your opinion of her looks .
58 : 2 Yea , in heart ye work wickedness ; ye weigh the violence of your hands in the earth .
They will come and stand by my chair , and say , ` Grandpapa , can you give me a bit of string ?'
And Uriah departed out of the king ' s house , and there followed him a mess of meat from the king .
9 : 4 Take ye heed every one of his neighbour , and trust ye not in any brother : for every brother will utterly supplant , and every neighbour will walk with slanders .
His son was sent for as soon as his danger was known , and to him Mr . Dashwood recommended , with all the strength and urgency which illness could command , the interest of his mother - in - law and sisters .
21 : 11 And it was told David what Rizpah the daughter of Aiah , the concubine of Saul , had done .
[ Poems by William Blake 1789 ]
5 : 21 And when Jesus was passed over again by ship unto the other side , much people gathered unto him : and he was nigh unto the sea .
145 : 18 The LORD is nigh unto all them that call upon him , to all that call upon him in truth .
wouldest not thou be angry with us till thou hadst consumed us , so that there should be no remnant nor escaping ?
144 : 8 Whose mouth speaketh vanity , and their right hand is a right hand of falsehood .
And the LORD answered him and said , Arise , go down to Keilah ; for I will deliver the Philistines into thine hand .
" Which makes his good manners the more valuable .
17 : 10 And whatsoever man there be of the house of Israel , or of the strangers that sojourn among you , that eateth any manner of blood ; I will even set my face against that soul that eateth blood , and will cut him off from among his people .
" As to that ," said he , " I must rub through the world as well as I can .
But pray , Colonel , how came you to conjure out that I should be in town today ?"
Having alluded to " an accident ," he must hear the whole .
139 : 19 Surely thou wilt slay the wicked , O God : depart from me therefore , ye bloody men .
" Emma never thinks of herself , if she can do good to others ," rejoined Mr . Woodhouse , understanding but in part .
not handsome -- not at all handsome .
4 : 11 And upon the golden altar they shall spread a cloth of blue , and cover it with a covering of badgers ' skins , and shall put to the staves thereof : 4 : 12 And they shall take all the instruments of ministry , wherewith they minister in the sanctuary , and put them in a cloth of blue , and cover them with a covering of badgers ' skins , and shall put them on a bar : 4 : 13 And they shall take away the ashes from the altar , and spread a purple cloth thereon : 4 : 14 And they shall put upon it all the vessels thereof , wherewith they minister about it , even the censers , the fleshhooks , and the shovels , and the basons , all the vessels of the altar ; and they shall spread upon it a covering of badgers ' skins , and put to the staves of it .
46 : 2 Therefore will not we fear , though the earth be removed , and though the mountains be carried into the midst of the sea ;
7 : 1 Then came together unto him the Pharisees , and certain of the scribes , which came from Jerusalem .
The Book of Daniel
10 : 32 The lips of the righteous know what is acceptable : but the mouth of the wicked speaketh frowardness .
1 : 10 And the man that stood among the myrtle trees answered and said , These are they whom the LORD hath sent to walk to and fro through the earth .
33 : 5 If thou canst answer me , set thy words in order before me , stand up .
Higgaion .
But no sooner was the distress known to Mr . Elton , than it was removed .
7 : 12 For the priesthood being changed , there is made of necessity a change also of the law .
But most , through midnight streets I hear How the youthful harlot ' s curse Blasts the new - born infant ' s tear , And blights with plagues the marriage - hearse .
She seemed to be in the middle of some eager speech .
" Though he had not nerves for coming away with us , and setting off again afterwards to pay a formal visit here , he will make his way over to Kellynch one day by himself , you may depend on it .
And when he heard it , he sent messengers to Hezekiah , saying , 37 : 10 Thus shall ye speak to Hezekiah king of Judah , saying , Let not thy God , in whom thou trustest , deceive thee , saying , Jerusalem shall not be given into the hand of the king of Assyria .
5 : 29 This is the law of jealousies , when a wife goeth aside to another instead of her husband , and is defiled ; 5 : 30 Or when the spirit of jealousy cometh upon him , and he be jealous over his wife , and shall set the woman before the LORD , and the priest shall execute upon her all this law .
19 : 15 Ye shall do no unrighteousness in judgment : thou shalt not respect the person of the poor , nor honor the person of the mighty : but in righteousness shalt thou judge thy neighbour .
He was to leave Bath at nine this morning , and does not come back till to - morrow ."
Emma wondered on what , of all the medley , she would fix .
46 : 11 Go up into Gilead , and take balm , O virgin , the daughter of Egypt : in vain shalt thou use many medicines ; for thou shalt not be cured .
21 : 20 Thirty and two years old was he when he began to reign , and he reigned in Jerusalem eight years , and departed without being desired .
106 : 1 Praise ye the LORD .
no -- I am grieved to find -- I was on the point of telling you that when I called at Mrs . Goddard ' s door , which I did the very last thing before I returned to dress , I was told that Miss Smith was not better , by no means better , rather worse .
13 : 38 If a man also or a woman have in the skin of their flesh bright spots , even white bright spots ; 13 : 39 Then the priest shall look : and , behold , if the bright spots in the skin of their flesh be darkish white ; it is a freckled spot that groweth in the skin ; he is clean .
16 : 33 They give gifts to all whores : but thou givest thy gifts to all thy lovers , and hirest them , that they may come unto thee on every side for thy whoredom .
21 : 11 So Gad came to David , and said unto him , Thus saith the LORD , Choose thee 21 : 12 Either three years ' famine ; or three months to be destroyed before thy foes , while that the sword of thine enemies overtaketh thee ; or else three days the sword of the LORD , even the pestilence , in the land , and the angel of the LORD destroying throughout all the coasts of Israel .
Mr . Weston , who had been a widower so long , and who seemed so perfectly comfortable without a wife , so constantly occupied either in his business in town or among his friends here , always acceptable wherever he went , always cheerful -- Mr . Weston need not spend a single evening in the year alone if he did not like it .
I do congratulate you , Mrs . Weston , most warmly .
10 : 16 And king Solomon made two hundred targets of beaten gold : six hundred shekels of gold went to one target .
2 : 10 My beloved spake , and said unto me , Rise up , my love , my fair one , and come away .
Oh !
7 : 41 The children of Pashur , a thousand two hundred forty and seven .
3 : 11 And go , get thee to them of the captivity , unto the children of thy people , and speak unto them , and tell them , Thus saith the Lord GOD ; whether they will hear , or whether they will forbear .
and whence came they ?
Isabella and Emma , I think , do write very much alike .
" I do not know whether it ought to be so , but certainly silly things do cease to be silly if they are done by sensible people in an impudent way .
75 : 1 Unto thee , O God , do we give thanks , unto thee do we give thanks : for that thy name is near thy wondrous works declare .
57 : 1 The righteous perisheth , and no man layeth it to heart : and merciful men are taken away , none considering that the righteous is taken away from the evil to come .
21 : 24 And the people of the land slew all them that had conspired against king Amon ; and the people of the land made Josiah his son king in his stead .
The son , a steady respectable young man , was amply provided for by the fortune of his mother , which had been large , and half of which devolved on him on his coming of age .
" Two or three months !"
49 : 25 How is the city of praise not left , the city of my joy !
27 : 6 And Rebekah spake unto Jacob her son , saying , Behold , I heard thy father speak unto Esau thy brother , saying , 27 : 7 Bring me venison , and make me savoury meat , that I may eat , and bless thee before the LORD before my death .
My first care , when I DID arrive , was of course to seek for her ; but the search was as fruitless as it was melancholy .
19 : 8 And Zacchaeus stood , and said unto the Lord : Behold , Lord , the half of my goods I give to the poor ; and if I have taken any thing from any man by false accusation , I restore him fourfold .
He stopt a moment for recollection , and then , with another sigh , went on .
26 : 17 Like as a woman with child , that draweth near the time of her delivery , is in pain , and crieth out in her pangs ; so have we been in thy sight , O LORD .
" Do you know that you are quite rude ?"
20 : 8 And the officers shall speak further unto the people , and they shall say , What man is there that is fearful and fainthearted ?
are all teachers ?
I am sure , a month ago , I had no more idea myself !-- The strangest things do take place !"
" But Mr . Knightley does not want to marry .
3 : 17 And they shall be mine , saith the LORD of hosts , in that day when I make up my jewels ; and I will spare them , as a man spareth his own son that serveth him .
30 : 7 Among the bushes they brayed ; under the nettles they were gathered together .
4 : 20 And when he had taken him , and brought him to his mother , he sat on her knees till noon , and then died .
36 : 11 If they obey and serve him , they shall spend their days in prosperity , and their years in pleasures .
7 : 24 And the waters prevailed upon the earth an hundred and fifty days .
25 : 30 And if it be not redeemed within the space of a full year , then the house that is in the walled city shall be established for ever to him that bought it throughout his generations : it shall not go out in the jubile .
Her height was pretty , just such as almost every body would think tall , and nobody could think very tall ; her figure particularly graceful ; her size a most becoming medium , between fat and thin , though a slight appearance of ill - health seemed to point out the likeliest evil of the two .
The evening was quiet and conversable , as Mr . Woodhouse declined cards entirely for the sake of comfortable talk with his dear Isabella , and the little party made two natural divisions ; on one side he and his daughter ; on the other the two Mr . Knightleys ; their subjects totally distinct , or very rarely mixing -- and Emma only occasionally joining in one or the other .
3 : 15 But even unto this day , when Moses is read , the vail is upon their heart .
3 : 11 And the LORD said to Samuel , Behold , I will do a thing in Israel , at which both the ears of every one that heareth it shall tingle .
" And I assure you , Mr . Weston , I have very little doubt that my opinion will be decidedly in his favour .
24 : 15 And if it seem evil unto you to serve the LORD , choose you this day whom ye will serve ; whether the gods which your fathers served that were on the other side of the flood , or the gods of the Amorites , in whose land ye dwell : but as for me and my house , we will serve the LORD .
Quite wonderful how she does her hair !-- No hairdresser from London I think could .-- Ah !
15 : 16 For if the dead rise not , then is not Christ raised : 15 : 17 And if Christ be not raised , your faith is vain ; ye are yet in your sins .
She had been the only one of the set absent , for Sir Walter and Elizabeth had not only been quite at her ladyship ' s service themselves , but had actually been happy to be employed by her in collecting others , and had been at the trouble of inviting both Lady Russell and Mr Elliot ; and Mr Elliot had made a point of leaving Colonel Wallis early , and Lady Russell had fresh arranged all her evening engagements in order to wait on her .
To her , its greatest interest must be , in having been very much talked of between her friend and Mr Elliot ; in having been wished for , regretted , and at the same time honoured for staying away in such a cause .
The starry floor , The watery shore , Are given thee till the break of day ."
18 : 15 And Joab the son of Zeruiah was over the host ; and Jehoshaphat the son of Ahilud , recorder .
Lady Russell and Anne paid their compliments to them once , when Anne could not but feel that Uppercross was already quite alive again .
12 : 12 And further , by these , my son , be admonished : of making many books there is no end ; and much study is a weariness of the flesh .
1 : 1 Now it came to pass in the days when the judges ruled , that there was a famine in the land .
21 : 22 And it came to pass at that time , that Abimelech and Phichol the chief captain of his host spake unto Abraham , saying , God is with thee in all that thou doest : 21 : 23 Now therefore swear unto me here by God that thou wilt not deal falsely with me , nor with my son , nor with my son ' s son : but according to the kindness that I have done unto thee , thou shalt do unto me , and to the land wherein thou hast sojourned .
5 : 1 And Moses called all Israel , and said unto them , Hear , O Israel , the statutes and judgments which I speak in your ears this day , that ye may learn them , and keep , and do them .
The sitting began ; and Harriet , smiling and blushing , and afraid of not keeping her attitude and countenance , presented a very sweet mixture of youthful expression to the steady eyes of the artist .
She recalled her past kindness -- the kindness , the affection of sixteen years -- how she had taught and how she had played with her from five years old -- how she had devoted all her powers to attach and amuse her in health -- and how nursed her through the various illnesses of childhood .
33 : 9 And it shall be to me a name of joy , a praise and an honour before all the nations of the earth , which shall hear all the good that I do unto them : and they shall fear and tremble for all the goodness and for all the prosperity that I procure unto it .
3 : 8 For Jerusalem is ruined , and Judah is fallen : because their tongue and their doings are against the LORD , to provoke the eyes of his glory .
29 : 1 Now the Philistines gathered together all their armies to Aphek : and the Israelites pitched by a fountain which is in Jezreel .
38 : 24 And it came to pass about three months after , that it was told Judah , saying , Tamar thy daughter in law hath played the harlot ; and also , behold , she is with child by whoredom .
Little Emma , grow up a better woman than your aunt .
This was gaining something , something to look forward to .
6 : 17 For Herod himself had sent forth and laid hold upon John , and bound him in prison for Herodias ' sake , his brother Philip ' s wife : for he had married her .
34 : 22 There is no darkness , nor shadow of death , where the workers of iniquity may hide themselves .
92 : 11 Mine eye also shall see my desire on mine enemies , and mine ears shall hear my desire of the wicked that rise up against me .
6 : 10 And on the eighth day he shall bring two turtles , or two young pigeons , to the priest , to the door of the tabernacle of the congregation : 6 : 11 And the priest shall offer the one for a sin offering , and the other for a burnt offering , and make an atonement for him , for that he sinned by the dead , and shall hallow his head that same day .
10 : 11 And it came to pass on the twentieth day of the second month , in the second year , that the cloud was taken up from off the tabernacle of the testimony .
28 : 17 A man that doeth violence to the blood of any person shall flee to the pit ; let no man stay him .
With the fortitude of a devoted novitiate , she had resolved at one - and - twenty to complete the sacrifice , and retire from all the pleasures of life , of rational intercourse , equal society , peace and hope , to penance and mortification for ever .
" What do you mean ?"
9 : 19 Then he sent out a second on horseback , which came to them , and said , Thus saith the king , Is it peace ?
In that very room she had been measured last September , with her two friends .
9 : 3 And the LORD said unto him , I have heard thy prayer and thy supplication , that thou hast made before me : I have hallowed this house , which thou hast built , to put my name there for ever ; and mine eyes and mine heart shall be there perpetually .
My illness has made me think -- It has given me leisure and calmness for serious recollection .
30 : 24 For who will hearken unto you in this matter ?
27 : 11 The men of Arvad with thine army were upon thy walls round about , and the Gammadims were in thy towers : they hanged their shields upon thy walls round about ; they have made thy beauty perfect .
5 : 1 Go to now , ye rich men , weep and howl for your miseries that shall come upon you .
2 : 38 And wheresoever the children of men dwell , the beasts of the field and the fowls of the heaven hath he given into thine hand , and hath made thee ruler over them all .
25 : 31 And thou shalt make a candlestick of pure gold : of beaten work shall the candlestick be made : his shaft , and his branches , his bowls , his knops , and his flowers , shall be of the same .
" Here comes Marianne ," cried Sir John .
44 : 20 If we have forgotten the name of our God , or stretched out our hands to a strange god ;
78 : 39 For he remembered that they were but flesh ; a wind that passeth away , and cometh not again .
8 : 46 And Jesus said , Somebody hath touched me : for I perceive that virtue is gone out of me .
with a deep sigh , that he wished I might find as much happiness in the marriage state as he had done .-- I felt that it would be of a different sort .-- Are you disposed to pity me for what I must have suffered in opening the cause to him , for my suspense while all was at stake ?-- No ; do not pity me till I reached Highbury , and saw how ill I had made her .
7 : 12 Let us get up early to the vineyards ; let us see if the vine flourish , whether the tender grape appear , and the pomegranates bud forth : there will I give thee my loves .
3 : 10 For he had healed many ; insomuch that they pressed upon him for to touch him , as many as had plagues .
20 : 32 And he walked in the way of Asa his father , and departed not from it , doing that which was right in the sight of the LORD .
10 : 5 Wherefore when he cometh into the world , he saith , Sacrifice and offering thou wouldest not , but a body hast thou prepared me : 10 : 6 In burnt offerings and sacrifices for sin thou hast had no pleasure .
4 : 37 And there arose a great storm of wind , and the waves beat into the ship , so that it was now full .
When is she dejected or melancholy ?
Situated as we are with Lady Dalrymple , cousins , we ought to be very careful not to embarrass her with acquaintance she might not approve .
Her mutterings were chiefly to her husband ; and he murmured , in reply ,
5 : 18 And , behold , men brought in a bed a man which was taken with a palsy : and they sought means to bring him in , and to lay him before him .
Time had changed him , or Louisa had changed him .
4 : 19 The wind hath bound her up in her wings , and they shall be ashamed because of their sacrifices .
And can He who smiles on all Hear the wren with sorrows small , Hear the small bird ' s grief and care , Hear the woes that infants bear --
Her disposition and abilities were equally worthy of all that friendship could do ; and at eighteen or nineteen she was , as far as such an early age can be qualified for the care of children , fully competent to the office of instruction herself ; but she was too much beloved to be parted with .
He cut her short with ,
7 : 14 And there was given him dominion , and glory , and a kingdom , that all people , nations , and languages , should serve him : his dominion is an everlasting dominion , which shall not pass away , and his kingdom that which shall not be destroyed .
The prospect before her now , was threatening to a degree that could not be entirely dispelled -- that might not be even partially brightened .
The kingly lion stood , And the virgin viewed : Then he gambolled round O ' er the hallowed ground .
as thou livest , and as thy soul liveth , I will not do this thing .
Joel
11 : 14 Where no counsel is , the people fall : but in the multitude of counsellors there is safety .
37 : 15 Wherefore the princes were wroth with Jeremiah , and smote him , and put him in prison in the house of Jonathan the scribe : for they had made that the prison .
17 : 22 Then David arose , and all the people that were with him , and they passed over Jordan : by the morning light there lacked not one of them that was not gone over Jordan .
27 : 17 All the pillars round about the court shall be filleted with silver ; their hooks shall be of silver , and their sockets of brass .
142 : 6 Attend unto my cry ; for I am brought very low : deliver me from my persecutors ; for they are stronger than I .
35 : 5 Then the eyes of the blind shall be opened , and the ears of the deaf shall be unstopped .
It was with the daughter of Mr Shepherd , who had returned , after an unprosperous marriage , to her father ' s house , with the additional burden of two children .
" I can never think of it ," she cried , " without extreme shame ."
10 : 35 Cast not away therefore your confidence , which hath great recompence of reward .
A word , a look , will be enough to decide whether I enter your father ' s house this evening or never ."
7 : 10 And the commandment , which was ordained to life , I found to be unto death .
14 : 12 Then said he also to him that bade him , When thou makest a dinner or a supper , call not thy friends , nor thy brethren , neither thy kinsmen , nor thy rich neighbours ; lest they also bid thee again , and a recompence be made thee .
7 : 40 And Hiram made the lavers , and the shovels , and the basons .
I have no doubt of his having , at times , considerable influence ; but it may be perfectly impossible for him to know beforehand _when_ it will be ."
18 : 22 Now when Jesus heard these things , he said unto him , Yet lackest thou one thing : sell all that thou hast , and distribute unto the poor , and thou shalt have treasure in heaven : and come , follow me .
I was ready to have gone with her , but this will do just as well .
39 : 7 And of thy sons that shall issue from thee , which thou shalt beget , shall they take away ; and they shall be eunuchs in the palace of the king of Babylon .
13 : 11 And I beheld another beast coming up out of the earth ; and he had two horns like a lamb , and he spake as a dragon .
I had heard you described by those who knew you intimately .
12 : 7 And , behold , the angel of the Lord came upon him , and a light shined in the prison : and he smote Peter on the side , and raised him up , saying , Arise up quickly .
5 : 12 Are not Abana and Pharpar , rivers of Damascus , better than all the waters of Israel ?
30 : 11 There is a generation that curseth their father , and doth not bless their mother .
21 : 17 Now the rest of the acts of Manasseh , and all that he did , and his sin that he sinned , are they not written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Judah ?
But this , no doubt , you have been always doing .
1 : 20 Then Job arose , and rent his mantle , and shaved his head , and fell down upon the ground , and worshipped , 1 : 21 And said , Naked came I out of my mother ' s womb , and naked shall I return thither : the LORD gave , and the LORD hath taken away ; blessed be the name of the LORD .
13 : 17 Obey them that have the rule over you , and submit yourselves : for they watch for your souls , as they that must give account , that they may do it with joy , and not with grief : for that is unprofitable for you .
I ' d rather you would ."
Fanny Harville was a very superior creature , and his attachment to her was indeed attachment .
10 : 29 Howbeit from the sins of Jeroboam the son of Nebat , who made Israel to sin , Jehu departed not from after them , to wit , the golden calves that were in Bethel , and that were in Dan .
1 : 8 If we say that we have no sin , we deceive ourselves , and the truth is not in us .
119 : 98 Thou through thy commandments hast made me wiser than mine enemies : for they are ever with me .
6 : 18 Brethren , the grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with your spirit .
14 : 28 But after that I am risen , I will go before you into Galilee .
for they all are the work of his hands .
17 : 17 Sanctify them through thy truth : thy word is truth .
Why have they provoked me to anger with their graven images , and with strange vanities ?
" Perhaps , then , you would bestow it as a reward on that person who wrote the ablest defence of your favourite maxim , that no one can ever be in love more than once in their life -- your opinion on that point is unchanged , I presume ?"
9 : 38 And John answered him , saying , Master , we saw one casting out devils in thy name , and he followeth not us : and we forbad him , because he followeth not us .
" Certainly not ; but if you observe , people always live for ever when there is an annuity to be paid them ; and she is very stout and healthy , and hardly forty .
18 : 17 And the five men that went to spy out the land went up , and came in thither , and took the graven image , and the ephod , and the teraphim , and the molten image : and the priest stood in the entering of the gate with the six hundred men that were appointed with weapons of war .
37 : 23 Whom hast thou reproached and blasphemed ?
12 : 14 If ye will fear the LORD , and serve him , and obey his voice , and not rebel against the commandment of the LORD , then shall both ye and also the king that reigneth over you continue following the LORD your God : 12 : 15 But if ye will not obey the voice of the LORD , but rebel against the commandment of the LORD , then shall the hand of the LORD be against you , as it was against your fathers .
If she has fancied otherwise , her own wishes have misled her , and I am very sorry -- extremely sorry -- But , Miss Smith , indeed !-- Oh !
23 : 13 Then I saw that she was defiled , that they took both one way , 23 : 14 And that she increased her whoredoms : for when she saw men pourtrayed upon the wall , the images of the Chaldeans pourtrayed with vermilion , 23 : 15 Girded with girdles upon their loins , exceeding in dyed attire upon their heads , all of them princes to look to , after the manner of the Babylonians of Chaldea , the land of their nativity : 23 : 16 And as soon as she saw them with her eyes , she doted upon them , and sent messengers unto them into Chaldea .
I would assist any brother officer ' s wife that I could , and I would bring anything of Harville ' s from the world ' s end , if he wanted it .
Mrs . Dashwood took the house for a twelvemonth ; it was ready furnished , and she might have immediate possession .
" Nay , Edward ," said Marianne , " you need not reproach me .
7 : 6 Every male among the priests shall eat thereof : it shall be eaten in the holy place : it is most holy .
20 : 11 And Jonathan said unto David , Come , and let us go out into the field .
I venture to hint , that Sir Walter Elliot cannot be half so jealous for his own , as John Shepherd will be for him ."
5 : 6 And I beheld , and , lo , in the midst of the throne and of the four beasts , and in the midst of the elders , stood a Lamb as it had been slain , having seven horns and seven eyes , which are the seven Spirits of God sent forth into all the earth .
27 : 5 Or let him take hold of my strength , that he may make peace with me ; and he shall make peace with me .
2 : 20 I am crucified with Christ : neverthless I live ; yet not I , but Christ liveth in me : and the life which I now live in the flesh I live by the faith of the Son of God , who loved me , and gave himself for me .
20 : 21 And the king of Israel went out , and smote the horses and chariots , and slew the Syrians with a great slaughter .
2 : 28 And did I choose him out of all the tribes of Israel to be my priest , to offer upon mine altar , to burn incense , to wear an ephod before me ?
" She knows her own worth too well for false shame ," replied Edward .
3 : 30 So Moab was subdued that day under the hand of Israel .
8 : 5 For though there be that are called gods , whether in heaven or in earth , ( as there be gods many , and lords many ,) 8 : 6 But to us there is but one God , the Father , of whom are all things , and we in him ; and one Lord Jesus Christ , by whom are all things , and we by him .
She often says , when the letter is first opened , ` Well , Hetty , now I think you will be put to it to make out all that checker - work '-- don ' t you , ma ' am ?-- And then I tell her , I am sure she would contrive to make it out herself , if she had nobody to do it for her -- every word of it -- I am sure she would pore over it till she had made out every word .
" No , papa , nobody thought of your walking .
11 : 7 And these are the sons of Benjamin ; Sallu the son of Meshullam , the son of Joed , the son of Pedaiah , the son of Kolaiah , the son of Maaseiah , the son of Ithiel , the son of Jesaiah .
_He_ had done it .
Nothing can be kinder than her behaviour ; and she can hardly do all this , without being aware of the expectation it raises ."
It was a dislike so little just -- every imputed fault was so magnified by fancy , that she never saw Jane Fairfax the first time after any considerable absence , without feeling that she had injured her ; and now , when the due visit was paid , on her arrival , after a two years ' interval , she was particularly struck with the very appearance and manners , which for those two whole years she had been depreciating .
You tell me that she has forgiven me already .
But we have the mind of Christ .
cried Mrs . Jennings ; " very pretty , indeed !
5 : 30 A wonderful and horrible thing is committed in the land ; 5 : 31 The prophets prophesy falsely , and the priests bear rule by their means ; and my people love to have it so : and what will ye do in the end thereof ?
Who can be in doubt of what followed ?
And lay me down in thy cold bed , and leave my shining lot .
25 : 11 And I will execute judgments upon Moab ; and they shall know that I am the LORD .
The steadiness of his manner , and the intelligence of his eye as he spoke , convincing Elinor , that whatever other unpardonable folly might bring him to Cleveland , he was not brought there by intoxication , she said , after a moment ' s recollection ,
25 : 6 Put not forth thyself in the presence of the king , and stand not in the place of great men : 25 : 7 For better it is that it be said unto thee , Come up hither ; than that thou shouldest be put lower in the presence of the prince whom thine eyes have seen .
She had not mistaken him .
5 : 22 For there fell down many slain , because the war was of God .
33 : 25 His flesh shall be fresher than a child ' s : he shall return to the days of his youth : 33 : 26 He shall pray unto God , and he will be favourable unto him : and he shall see his face with joy : for he will render unto man his righteousness .
24 : 1 And Joshua gathered all the tribes of Israel to Shechem , and called for the elders of Israel , and for their heads , and for their judges , and for their officers ; and they presented themselves before God .
4 : 17 In the plain of Jordan did the king cast them , in the clay ground between Succoth and Zeredathah .
25 : 53 And as a yearly hired servant shall he be with him : and the other shall not rule with rigour over him in thy sight .
6 : 15 And the kings of the earth , and the great men , and the rich men , and the chief captains , and the mighty men , and every bondman , and every free man , hid themselves in the dens and in the rocks of the mountains ; 6 : 16 And said to the mountains and rocks , Fall on us , and hide us from the face of him that sitteth on the throne , and from the wrath of the Lamb : 6 : 17 For the great day of his wrath is come ; and who shall be able to stand ?
11 : 33 And he smote them from Aroer , even till thou come to Minnith , even twenty cities , and unto the plain of the vineyards , with a very great slaughter .
These apprehensions , perhaps , were not founded entirely on reason , and certainly not at all on truth .
let him go and return to his house , lest he die in the battle , and another man dedicate it .
" Oh !
14 : 27 And when they were come , and had gathered the church together , they rehearsed all that God had done with them , and how he had opened the door of faith unto the Gentiles .
Marianne was still handsomer .
5 : 6 But when he saw Jesus afar off , he ran and worshipped him , 5 : 7 And cried with a loud voice , and said , What have I to do with thee , Jesus , thou Son of the most high God ?
39 : 21 And they did bind the breastplate by his rings unto the rings of the ephod with a lace of blue , that it might be above the curious girdle of the ephod , and that the breastplate might not be loosed from the ephod ; as the LORD commanded Moses .
It was evident that Charles Hayter was not well inclined towards Captain Wentworth .
Marianne sighed , and repeated , " I wish for no change ."
24 : 6 No man shall take the nether or the upper millstone to pledge : for he taketh a man ' s life to pledge .
55 : 11 Wickedness is in the midst thereof : deceit and guile depart not from her streets .
24 : 2 One basket had very good figs , even like the figs that are first ripe : and the other basket had very naughty figs , which could not be eaten , they were so bad .
I always make a point of reading Jane ' s letters through to myself first , before I read them aloud to my mother , you know , for fear of there being any thing in them to distress her .
For they had made a great oath concerning him that came not up to the LORD to Mizpeh , saying , He shall surely be put to death .
29 : 14 The king that faithfully judgeth the poor , his throne shall be established for ever .
5 : 16 There came also a multitude out of the cities round about unto Jerusalem , bringing sick folks , and them which were vexed with unclean spirits : and they were healed every one .
7 : 11 If therefore perfection were by the Levitical priesthood , ( for under it the people received the law ,) what further need was there that another priest should rise after the order of Melchisedec , and not be called after the order of Aaron ?
33 : 18 When the righteous turneth from his righteousness , and committeth iniquity , he shall even die thereby .
There ' s little Tom Dacre , who cried when his head , That curled like a lamb ' s back , was shaved ; so I said , " Hush , Tom !
how shall I make thee as Admah ?
27 : 9 Therefore hearken not ye to your prophets , nor to your diviners , nor to your dreamers , nor to your enchanters , nor to your sorcerers , which speak unto you , saying , Ye shall not serve the king of Babylon : 27 : 10 For they prophesy a lie unto you , to remove you far from your land ; and that I should drive you out , and ye should perish .
7 : 32 The men of Bethel and Ai , an hundred twenty and three .
14 : 15 And he divided himself against them , he and his servants , by night , and smote them , and pursued them unto Hobah , which is on the left hand of Damascus .
" I would rather have young people settle on a small income at once , and have to struggle with a few difficulties together , than be involved in a long engagement .
And Judah said , Bring her forth , and let her be burnt .
7 : 60 On the ninth day Abidan the son of Gideoni , prince of the children of Benjamin , offered : 7 : 61 His offering was one silver charger , the weight whereof was an hundred and thirty shekels , one silver bowl of seventy shekels , after the shekel of the sanctuary ; both of them full of fine flour mingled with oil for a meat offering : 7 : 62 One golden spoon of ten shekels , full of incense : 7 : 63 One young bullock , one ram , one lamb of the first year , for a burnt offering : 7 : 64 One kid of the goats for a sin offering : 7 : 65 And for a sacrifice of peace offerings , two oxen , five rams , five he goats , five lambs of the first year : this was the offering of Abidan the son of Gideoni .
16 : 26 And Samson said unto the lad that held him by the hand , Suffer me that I may feel the pillars whereupon the house standeth , that I may lean upon them .
That was the act of a very , very young man , one too young to consider whether the inconvenience of it might not very much exceed the pleasure .
1 : 24 Now unto him that is able to keep you from falling , and to present you faultless before the presence of his glory with exceeding joy , 1 : 25 To the only wise God our Saviour , be glory and majesty , dominion and power , both now and ever .
6 : 7 Will the LORD be pleased with thousands of rams , or with ten thousands of rivers of oil ?
They will be much more able to give YOU something ."
34 : 8 And Moses made haste , and bowed his head toward the earth , and worshipped .
25 : 10 And while they went to buy , the bridegroom came ; and they that were ready went in with him to the marriage : and the door was shut .
If Mrs Clay were a very beautiful woman , I grant you , it might be wrong to have her so much with me ; not that anything in the world , I am sure , would induce my father to make a degrading match , but he might be rendered unhappy .
He does not give the least fling at Benwick ; does not so much as say , ` I wonder at it , I have a reason of my own for wondering at it .'
20 : 34 And Ben - hadad said unto him , The cities , which my father took from thy father , I will restore ; and thou shalt make streets for thee in Damascus , as my father made in Samaria .
The two gentlemen arrived the next day to a very late dinner , affording a pleasant enlargement of the party , and a very welcome variety to their conversation , which a long morning of the same continued rain had reduced very low .
Because of mine house that is waste , and ye run every man unto his own house .
" I want no proof of their affection ," said Elinor ; " but of their engagement I do ."
29 : 29 Now the acts of David the king , first and last , behold , they are written in the book of Samuel the seer , and in the book of Nathan the prophet , and in the book of Gad the seer , 29 : 30 With all his reign and his might , and the times that went over him , and over Israel , and over all the kingdoms of the countries .
34 : 11 But afterward they turned , and caused the servants and the handmaids , whom they had let go free , to return , and brought them into subjection for servants and for handmaids .
Her astonishment and confusion were very great on his so sudden appearance .
I have the honour of being acquainted with a neighbour of yours , ( turning to Emma ,) a lady residing in or near Highbury ; a family of the name of Fairfax .
She thought so well of the letter , that when Mr . Knightley came again , she desired him to read it .
She was warmly gratified -- and in another moment still more so , by a little movement of more than common friendliness on his part .-- He took her hand ;-- whether she had not herself made the first motion , she could not say -- she might , perhaps , have rather offered it -- but he took her hand , pressed it , and certainly was on the point of carrying it to his lips -- when , from some fancy or other , he suddenly let it go .-- Why he should feel such a scruple , why he should change his mind when it was all but done , she could not perceive .-- He would have judged better , she thought , if he had not stopped .-- The intention , however , was indubitable ; and whether it was that his manners had in general so little gallantry , or however else it happened , but she thought nothing became him more .-- It was with him , of so simple , yet so dignified a nature .-- She could not but recall the attempt with great satisfaction .
33 : 8 And he said , What meanest thou by all this drove which I met ?
as I have served in thy father ' s presence , so will I be in thy presence .
And she talked in this way so long and successfully that , when forced to give her attention again to her father and sister , she had nothing worse to hear than Isabella ' s kind inquiry after Jane Fairfax ; and Jane Fairfax , though no great favourite with her in general , she was at that moment very happy to assist in praising .
2 : 1 The word that Isaiah the son of Amoz saw concerning Judah and Jerusalem .
37 : 9 And he dreamed yet another dream , and told it his brethren , and said , Behold , I have dreamed a dream more ; and , behold , the sun and the moon and the eleven stars made obeisance to me .
" I never heard any harm of her ; indeed I hardly ever heard her mentioned ; except that Mrs . Taylor did say this morning , that one day Miss Walker hinted to her , that she believed Mr . and Mrs . Ellison would not be sorry to have Miss Grey married , for she and Mrs . Ellison could never agree ."
36 : 10 And he coupled the five curtains one unto another : and the other five curtains he coupled one unto another .
4 : 5 But to him that worketh not , but believeth on him that justifieth the ungodly , his faith is counted for righteousness .
The consequence of which was , that Mrs . John Dashwood was obliged to submit not only to the exceedingly great inconvenience of sending her carriage for the Miss Dashwoods , but , what was still worse , must be subject to all the unpleasantness of appearing to treat them with attention : and who could tell that they might not expect to go out with her a second time ?
Colonel Brandon must be the man ; and no civility shall be wanting on my part to make him pleased with you and your family .
" Thank you , thank you .-- This is just what I wanted to be assured of .-- Oh !
20 : 2 And he sent messengers to Ahab king of Israel into the city , and said unto him , Thus saith Benhadad , 20 : 3 Thy silver and thy gold is mine ; thy wives also and thy children , even the goodliest , are mine .
19 : 16 And the man in whom the evil spirit was leaped on them , and overcame them , and prevailed against them , so that they fled out of that house naked and wounded .
9 : 21 Moreover he sprinkled with blood both the tabernacle , and all the vessels of the ministry .
And the land had rest forty years .
Then said the LORD unto me , The end is come upon my people of Israel ; I will not again pass by them any more .
And they filled them up to the brim .
13 : 10 And the gospel must first be published among all nations .
And the king said unto him , What shall be done unto the man whom the king delighteth to honour ?
cried she playfully .
As soon as she could , she went after Mary , and having found , and walked back with her to their former station , by the stile , felt some comfort in their whole party being immediately afterwards collected , and once more in motion together .
16 : 15 I beseech you , brethren , ( ye know the house of Stephanas , that it is the firstfruits of Achaia , and that they have addicted themselves to the ministry of the saints ,) 16 : 16 That ye submit yourselves unto such , and to every one that helpeth with us , and laboureth .
His emotion on entering the room , in seeing her altered looks , and in receiving the pale hand which she immediately held out to him , was such , as , in Elinor ' s conjecture , must arise from something more than his affection for Marianne , or the consciousness of its being known to others ; and she soon discovered in his melancholy eye and varying complexion as he looked at her sister , the probable recurrence of many past scenes of misery to his mind , brought back by that resemblance between Marianne and Eliza already acknowledged , and now strengthened by the hollow eye , the sickly skin , the posture of reclining weakness , and the warm acknowledgment of peculiar obligation .
And there is one thing more preparing against him , which must be worse than all -- his mother has determined , with a very natural kind of spirit , to settle THAT estate upon Robert immediately , which might have been Edward ' s , on proper conditions .
But his word was in mine heart as a burning fire shut up in my bones , and I was weary with forbearing , and I could not stay .
Elinor saw , and pitied her for , the neglect of abilities which education might have rendered so respectable ; but she saw , with less tenderness of feeling , the thorough want of delicacy , of rectitude , and integrity of mind , which her attentions , her assiduities , her flatteries at the Park betrayed ; and she could have no lasting satisfaction in the company of a person who joined insincerity with ignorance ; whose want of instruction prevented their meeting in conversation on terms of equality , and whose conduct toward others made every shew of attention and deference towards herself perfectly valueless .
4 : 30 But he passing through the midst of them went his way , 4 : 31 And came down to Capernaum , a city of Galilee , and taught them on the sabbath days .
But in this he was eagerly opposed by his wife , with " Oh !
12 : 20 As he went to Ziklag , there fell to him of Manasseh , Adnah , and Jozabad , and Jediael , and Michael , and Jozabad , and Elihu , and Zilthai , captains of the thousands that were of Manasseh .
12 : 41 These things said Esaias , when he saw his glory , and spake of him .
2 : 3 And all went to be taxed , every one into his own city .
6 : 3 And the LORD said , My spirit shall not always strive with man , for that he also is flesh : yet his days shall be an hundred and twenty years .
3 : 6 I have cut off the nations : their towers are desolate ; I made their streets waste , that none passeth by : their cities are destroyed , so that there is no man , that there is none inhabitant .
But there are other points to be considered besides his inclination .
" Is she still in town ?"
You know how much he wanted money : worse than myself .
4 : 8 And thou , O tower of the flock , the strong hold of the daughter of Zion , unto thee shall it come , even the first dominion ; the kingdom shall come to the daughter of Jerusalem .
31 : 24 And God came to Laban the Syrian in a dream by night , and said unto him , Take heed that thou speak not to Jacob either good or bad .
4 : 27 And the LORD said to Aaron , Go into the wilderness to meet Moses .
To you -- to my two daughters -- I may venture on the truth .
and , behold , ye have filled Jerusalem with your doctrine , and intend to bring this man ' s blood upon us .
10 : 15 Verily I say unto you , Whosoever shall not receive the kingdom of God as a little child , he shall not enter therein .
1 : 12 But the more they afflicted them , the more they multiplied and grew .
2 : 25 And I will restore to you the years that the locust hath eaten , the cankerworm , and the caterpiller , and the palmerworm , my great army which I sent among you .
6 : 25 How forcible are right words !
Emma listened , and then coolly said , " I shall not be satisfied , unless he comes ."
13 : 23 Then said one unto him , Lord , are there few that be saved ?
" Wait for his having a living !-- ay , we all know how THAT will end :-- they will wait a twelvemonth , and finding no good comes of it , will set down upon a curacy of fifty pounds a - year , with the interest of his two thousand pounds , and what little matter Mr . Steele and Mr . Pratt can give her .-- Then they will have a child every year !
9 : 32 And the decree of Esther confirmed these matters of Purim ; and it was written in the book .
you may as well take back that tiresome book she would lend me , and pretend I have read it through .
22 : 20 And the LORD said , Who shall persuade Ahab , that he may go up and fall at Ramothgilead ?
19 : 1 And it came to pass , that , while Apollos was at Corinth , Paul having passed through the upper coasts came to Ephesus : and finding certain disciples , 19 : 2 He said unto them , Have ye received the Holy Ghost since ye believed ?
33 : 11 Take , I pray thee , my blessing that is brought to thee ; because God hath dealt graciously with me , and because I have enough .
18 : 3 When the wicked cometh , then cometh also contempt , and with ignominy reproach .
7 : 4 Or how wilt thou say to thy brother , Let me pull out the mote out of thine eye ; and , behold , a beam is in thine own eye ?
6 : 29 So he that goeth in to his neighbour ' s wife ; whosoever toucheth her shall not be innocent .
I shall see you at the Abbey to - morrow morning I hope , and then we will look them over , and you shall give me your opinion ."
I am sure she will be an excellent servant ; and it will be a great comfort to poor Miss Taylor to have somebody about her that she is used to see .
" I thought it my duty ," said he , " independent of my feelings , to give her the option of continuing the engagement or not , when I was renounced by my mother , and stood to all appearance without a friend in the world to assist me .
3 : 20 My soul hath them still in remembrance , and is humbled in me .
for I am an old man , and my wife well stricken in years .
They talked at first only of the performance .
43 : 32 And they set on for him by himself , and for them by themselves , and for the Egyptians , which did eat with him , by themselves : because the Egyptians might not eat bread with the Hebrews ; for that is an abomination unto the Egyptians .
150 : 5 Praise him upon the loud cymbals : praise him upon the high sounding cymbals .
20 : 2 And he laid hold on the dragon , that old serpent , which is the Devil , and Satan , and bound him a thousand years , 20 : 3 And cast him into the bottomless pit , and shut him up , and set a seal upon him , that he should deceive the nations no more , till the thousand years should be fulfilled : and after that he must be loosed a little season .
She was on the point of sending again for Mr . Harris , or if HE could not come , for some other advice , when the former -- but not till after five o ' clock -- arrived .
27 : 11 When the boughs thereof are withered , they shall be broken off : the women come , and set them on fire : for it is a people of no understanding : therefore he that made them will not have mercy on them , and he that formed them will shew them no favour .
21 : 27 And if he smite out his manservant ' s tooth , or his maidservant ' s tooth ; he shall let him go free for his tooth ' s sake .
.
These were pleasant feelings , and she walked about and indulged them till it was necessary to do as the others did , and collect round the strawberry - beds .-- The whole party were assembled , excepting Frank Churchill , who was expected every moment from Richmond ; and Mrs . Elton , in all her apparatus of happiness , her large bonnet and her basket , was very ready to lead the way in gathering , accepting , or talking -- strawberries , and only strawberries , could now be thought or spoken of .--" The best fruit in England -- every body ' s favourite -- always wholesome .-- These the finest beds and finest sorts .-- Delightful to gather for one ' s self -- the only way of really enjoying them .-- Morning decidedly the best time -- never tired -- every sort good -- hautboy infinitely superior -- no comparison -- the others hardly eatable -- hautboys very scarce -- Chili preferred -- white wood finest flavour of all -- price of strawberries in London -- abundance about Bristol -- Maple Grove -- cultivation -- beds when to be renewed -- gardeners thinking exactly different -- no general rule -- gardeners never to be put out of their way -- delicious fruit -- only too rich to be eaten much of -- inferior to cherries -- currants more refreshing -- only objection to gathering strawberries the stooping -- glaring sun -- tired to death -- could bear it no longer -- must go and sit in the shade ."
" Is Mrs . Ferrars at Longstaple ?"
16 : 19 And I will give unto thee the keys of the kingdom of heaven : and whatsoever thou shalt bind on earth shall be bound in heaven : and whatsoever thou shalt loose on earth shall be loosed in heaven .
.
6 : 1 And in those days , when the number of the disciples was multiplied , there arose a murmuring of the Grecians against the Hebrews , because their widows were neglected in the daily ministration .
23 : 26 How long shall this be in the heart of the prophets that prophesy lies ?
60 : 7 Gilead is mine , and Manasseh is mine ; Ephraim also is the strength of mine head ; Judah is my lawgiver ;
21 : 19 And God opened her eyes , and she saw a well of water ; and she went , and filled the bottle with water , and gave the lad drink .
Elinor perceived with alarm that she was not quite herself , and , while attempting to soothe her , eagerly felt her pulse .
7 : 8 Better is the end of a thing than the beginning thereof : and the patient in spirit is better than the proud in spirit .
119 : 50 This is my comfort in my affliction : for thy word hath quickened me .
If he would act in this sort of manner , on principle , consistently , regularly , their little minds would bend to his ."
11 : 10 And Moses and Aaron did all these wonders before Pharaoh : and the LORD hardened Pharaoh ' s heart , so that he would not let the children of Israel go out of his land .
He held the card in his hand after they were gone , as if deeply considering it .
11 : 10 If he cut off , and shut up , or gather together , then who can hinder him ?
Miss Dashwood , you cannot have an idea of the comfort it gives me to look back on my own misery .
2 : 9 The women of my people have ye cast out from their pleasant houses ; from their children have ye taken away my glory for ever .
3 : 13 He hath caused the arrows of his quiver to enter into my reins .
He considered his disposition as of the sort which must suffer heavily , uniting very strong feelings with quiet , serious , and retiring manners , and a decided taste for reading , and sedentary pursuits .
1 : 20 For all the promises of God in him are yea , and in him Amen , unto the glory of God by us .
And when he was come in before the king , he bowed himself before the king with his face to the ground .
But it would have broke MY heart , had I loved him , to hear him read with so little sensibility .
1 : 10 But these speak evil of those things which they know not : but what they know naturally , as brute beasts , in those things they corrupt themselves .
6 : 31 Therefore take no thought , saying , What shall we eat ?
10 : 5 And Jesus answered and said unto them , For the hardness of your heart he wrote you this precept .
Because you are so sly about it yourself , you think nobody else has any senses ; but it is no such thing , I can tell you , for it has been known all over town this ever so long .
6 : 25 Go not forth into the field , nor walk by the way ; for the sword of the enemy and fear is on every side .
10 : 2 And she came to Jerusalem with a very great train , with camels that bare spices , and very much gold , and precious stones : and when she was come to Solomon , she communed with him of all that was in her heart .
3 : 14 Draw thee waters for the siege , fortify thy strong holds : go into clay , and tread the morter , make strong the brickkiln .
Emma pondered a moment , and then replied , " I will not pretend _not_ to understand you ; and to give you all the relief in my power , be assured that no such effect has followed his attentions to me , as you are apprehensive of ."
3 : 39 And I am this day weak , though anointed king ; and these men the sons of Zeruiah be too hard for me : the LORD shall reward the doer of evil according to his wickedness .
Not that I imagine he can think I have been encouraging him hitherto .
18 : 22 But if ye say unto me , We trust in the LORD our God : is not that he , whose high places and whose altars Hezekiah hath taken away , and hath said to Judah and Jerusalem , Ye shall worship before this altar in Jerusalem ?
119 : 170 Let my supplication come before thee : deliver me according to thy word .
I used to think she was not capable of being fond of any body , except herself : but she has always been kind to him ( in her way -- allowing for little whims and caprices , and expecting every thing to be as she likes ).
21 : 5 Mark me , and be astonished , and lay your hand upon your mouth .
said almost every body .
such an aunt !"
She and Mary were actually setting forward for the Great House , where , as she afterwards learnt , they must inevitably have found him , when they were stopped by the eldest boy ' s being at that moment brought home in consequence of a bad fall .
They sang together once more ; and Emma would then resign her place to Miss Fairfax , whose performance , both vocal and instrumental , she never could attempt to conceal from herself , was infinitely superior to her own .
11 : 3 And he was with her hid in the house of the LORD six years .
I shall be at home in twenty minutes ."
22 : 30 And I sought for a man among them , that should make up the hedge , and stand in the gap before me for the land , that I should not destroy it : but I found none .
4 : 15 And he taught in their synagogues , being glorified of all .
Robert ' s offence was unpardonable , but Lucy ' s was infinitely worse .
3 : 12 If I have told you earthly things , and ye believe not , how shall ye believe , if I tell you of heavenly things ?
And the men went up and viewed Ai .
Mr . Weston , I dare say , has been telling you exactly how the matter stands ?"
They was stopping in a chaise at the door of the New London Inn , as I went there with a message from Sally at the Park to her brother , who is one of the post - boys .
6 : 21 And they sent messengers to the inhabitants of Kirjathjearim , saying , The Philistines have brought again the ark of the LORD ; come ye down , and fetch it up to you .
He declares he won ' t .
119 : 143 Trouble and anguish have taken hold on me : yet thy commandments are my delights .
Few people of common prudence will do THAT ; and whatever she saves , she will be able to dispose of ."
7 : 6 For thou art an holy people unto the LORD thy God : the LORD thy God hath chosen thee to be a special people unto himself , above all people that are upon the face of the earth .
49 : 20 Out of Asher his bread shall be fat , and he shall yield royal dainties .
He has not such a fine air and way of walking as Mr . Knightley .
Can a father see his child Weep , nor be with sorrow filled ?
77 : 20 Thou leddest thy people like a flock by the hand of Moses and Aaron .
Pray say so , with my compliments .
And Jeroboam and all the congregation of Israel came , and spake unto Rehoboam , saying , 12 : 4 Thy father made our yoke grievous : now therefore make thou the grievous service of thy father , and his heavy yoke which he put upon us , lighter , and we will serve thee .
21 : 11 And they journeyed from Oboth , and pitched at Ijeabarim , in the wilderness which is before Moab , toward the sunrising .
The horses arrived , even before they were expected , and Colonel Brandon only pressing her hand with a look of solemnity , and a few words spoken too low to reach her ear , hurried into the carriage .
are we better than they ?
22 : 7 And the elders of Moab and the elders of Midian departed with the rewards of divination in their hand ; and they came unto Balaam , and spake unto him the words of Balak .
I assure you I began to think my caro sposo would be absolutely jealous .
11 : 14 And all the spoil of these cities , and the cattle , the children of Israel took for a prey unto themselves ; but every man they smote with the edge of the sword , until they had destroyed them , neither left they any to breathe .
Her power with him was gone for ever .
The ladies recovered themselves first .
The smile was returned as Jane answered ,
8 : 1 Again the word of the LORD of hosts came to me , saying , 8 : 2 Thus saith the LORD of hosts ; I was jealous for Zion with great jealousy , and I was jealous for her with great fury .
6 : 4 Therefore we are buried with him by baptism into death : that like as Christ was raised up from the dead by the glory of the Father , even so we also should walk in newness of life .
I hope my mother is now convinced that I have no more talents than inclination for a public life !"
30 : 29 I am a brother to dragons , and a companion to owls .
4 : 24 And when they heard that , they lifted up their voice to God with one accord , and said , Lord , thou art God , which hast made heaven , and earth , and the sea , and all that in them is : 4 : 25 Who by the mouth of thy servant David hast said , Why did the heathen rage , and the people imagine vain things ?
She had , while a very young girl , as soon as she had known him to be , in the event of her having no brother , the future baronet , meant to marry him , and her father had always meant that she should .
17 : 16 And the barrel of meal wasted not , neither did the cruse of oil fail , according to the word of the LORD , which he spake by Elijah .
33 : 54 And ye shall divide the land by lot for an inheritance among your families : and to the more ye shall give the more inheritance , and to the fewer ye shall give the less inheritance : every man ' s inheritance shall be in the place where his lot falleth ; according to the tribes of your fathers ye shall inherit .
17 : 13 Yet the LORD testified against Israel , and against Judah , by all the prophets , and by all the seers , saying , Turn ye from your evil ways , and keep my commandments and my statutes , according to all the law which I commanded your fathers , and which I sent to you by my servants the prophets .
" We shall never agree about him ," cried Emma ; " but that is nothing extraordinary .
and who knoweth us ?
and their eyelids are lifted up .
Elton ?"
Their opportunity of acquaintance in the house of Mr . Pratt was a foundation for the rest , at once indisputable and alarming ; and Edward ' s visit near Plymouth , his melancholy state of mind , his dissatisfaction at his own prospects , his uncertain behaviour towards herself , the intimate knowledge of the Miss Steeles as to Norland and their family connections , which had often surprised her , the picture , the letter , the ring , formed altogether such a body of evidence , as overcame every fear of condemning him unfairly , and established as a fact , which no partiality could set aside , his ill - treatment of herself .-- Her resentment of such behaviour , her indignation at having been its dupe , for a short time made her feel only for herself ; but other ideas , other considerations , soon arose .
14 : 7 Whereupon he promised with an oath to give her whatsoever she would ask .
10 : 36 And Joshua went up from Eglon , and all Israel with him , unto Hebron ; and they fought against it : 10 : 37 And they took it , and smote it with the edge of the sword , and the king thereof , and all the cities thereof , and all the souls that were therein ; he left none remaining , according to all that he had done to Eglon ; but destroyed it utterly , and all the souls that were therein .
41 : 13 For I the LORD thy God will hold thy right hand , saying unto thee , Fear not ; I will help thee .
5 : 9 If we receive the witness of men , the witness of God is greater : for this is the witness of God which he hath testified of his Son .
32 : 12 Hath not the same Hezekiah taken away his high places and his altars , and commanded Judah and Jerusalem , saying , Ye shall worship before one altar , and burn incense upon it ?
31 : 48 And Laban said , This heap is a witness between me and thee this day .
She did not blame Lady Russell , she did not blame herself for having been guided by her ; but she felt that were any young person , in similar circumstances , to apply to her for counsel , they would never receive any of such certain immediate wretchedness , such uncertain future good .
48 : 11 And Israel said unto Joseph , I had not thought to see thy face : and , lo , God hath shewed me also thy seed .
She is a shrewd , intelligent , sensible woman .
7 : 29 Lo , this only have I found , that God hath made man upright ; but they have sought out many inventions .
6 : 9 The LORD hath heard my supplication ; the LORD will receive my prayer .
22 : 23 And the ass saw the angel of the LORD standing in the way , and his sword drawn in his hand : and the ass turned aside out of the way , and went into the field : and Balaam smote the ass , to turn her into the way .
23 : 5 As at the report concerning Egypt , so shall they be sorely pained at the report of Tyre .
3 : 17 Her ways are ways of pleasantness , and all her paths are peace .
32 : 21 The strong among the mighty shall speak to him out of the midst of hell with them that help him : they are gone down , they lie uncircumcised , slain by the sword .
115 : 17 The dead praise not the LORD , neither any that go down into silence .
39 : 4 They made shoulderpieces for it , to couple it together : by the two edges was it coupled together .
38 : 33 Knowest thou the ordinances of heaven ?
And what shoulder and what art Could twist the sinews of thy heart ?
The compliment was just returned , coldly and proudly ; and , under indescribable irritation of spirits , she was then conveyed to Hartfield .
40 : 9 Then measured he the porch of the gate , eight cubits ; and the posts thereof , two cubits ; and the porch of the gate was inward .
10 : 5 When ye blow an alarm , then the camps that lie on the east parts shall go forward .
" Yes -- no -- never absolutely .
51 : 50 Ye that have escaped the sword , go away , stand not still : remember the LORD afar off , and let Jerusalem come into your mind .
Take your own ."
13 : 13 Whoso despiseth the word shall be destroyed : but he that feareth the commandment shall be rewarded .
42 : 8 Yet the LORD will command his lovingkindness in the day time , and in the night his song shall be with me , and my prayer unto the God of my life .
18 : 14 Now , lo , if he beget a son , that seeth all his father ' s sins which he hath done , and considereth , and doeth not such like , 18 : 15 That hath not eaten upon the mountains , neither hath lifted up his eyes to the idols of the house of Israel , hath not defiled his neighbour ' s wife , 18 : 16 Neither hath oppressed any , hath not withholden the pledge , neither hath spoiled by violence , but hath given his bread to the hungry , and hath covered the naked with a garment , 18 : 17 That hath taken off his hand from the poor , that hath not received usury nor increase , hath executed my judgments , hath walked in my statutes ; he shall not die for the iniquity of his father , he shall surely live .
14 : 35 It is neither fit for the land , nor yet for the dunghill ; but men cast it out .
44 : 34 For how shall I go up to my father , and the lad be not with me ?
8 : 34 And the children of Israel remembered not the LORD their God , who had delivered them out of the hands of all their enemies on every side : 8 : 35 Neither shewed they kindness to the house of Jerubbaal , namely , Gideon , according to all the goodness which he had shewed unto Israel .
50 : 3 And forty days were fulfilled for him ; for so are fulfilled the days of those which are embalmed : and the Egyptians mourned for him threescore and ten days .
Mr . Knightley was to dine with them -- rather against the inclination of Mr . Woodhouse , who did not like that any one should share with him in Isabella ' s first day .
You have shewn that you can dance , and you know we are not really so much brother and sister as to make it at all improper ."
I could hardly keep my seat .
10 : 3 And Moses and Aaron came in unto Pharaoh , and said unto him , Thus saith the LORD God of the Hebrews , How long wilt thou refuse to humble thyself before me ?
Beyond it she would on no account proceed .
26 : 69 Now Peter sat without in the palace : and a damsel came unto him , saying , Thou also wast with Jesus of Galilee .
" I hope he does ," replied Mr . Knightley coolly , and resuming the letter .
76 : 12 He shall cut off the spirit of princes : he is terrible to the kings of the earth .
3 : 13 And also that every man should eat and drink , and enjoy the good of all his labour , it is the gift of God .
I thought so at the time ; but you WOULD give him Cowper ."
1 : 33 The king also said unto them , Take with you the servants of your lord , and cause Solomon my son to ride upon mine own mule , and bring him down to Gihon : 1 : 34 And let Zadok the priest and Nathan the prophet anoint him there king over Israel : and blow ye with the trumpet , and say , God save king Solomon .
And he said unto them , Behold , the king ' s son shall reign , as the LORD hath said of the sons of David .
2 : 4 And it came to pass , when the angel of the LORD spake these words unto all the children of Israel , that the people lifted up their voice , and wept .
5 : 16 This I say then , Walk in the Spirit , and ye shall not fulfil the lust of the flesh .
Her recent good offices by Anne had been enough in themselves , and their marriage , instead of depriving her of one friend , secured her two .
16 : 29 A violent man enticeth his neighbour , and leadeth him into the way that is not good .
Harriet , here comes a very sudden trial of our stability in good thoughts .
Perry ' s setting up his carriage !
17 : 1 The sin of Judah is written with a pen of iron , and with the point of a diamond : it is graven upon the table of their heart , and upon the horns of your altars ; 17 : 2 Whilst their children remember their altars and their groves by the green trees upon the high hills .
I declare , I have no patience with your sister ; and I hope , with all my heart , it will be a match in spite of her .
7 : 1 When the LORD thy God shall bring thee into the land whither thou goest to possess it , and hath cast out many nations before thee , the Hittites , and the Girgashites , and the Amorites , and the Canaanites , and the Perizzites , and the Hivites , and the Jebusites , seven nations greater and mightier than thou ; 7 : 2 And when the LORD thy God shall deliver them before thee ; thou shalt smite them , and utterly destroy them ; thou shalt make no covenant with them , nor shew mercy unto them : 7 : 3 Neither shalt thou make marriages with them ; thy daughter thou shalt not give unto his son , nor his daughter shalt thou take unto thy son .
7 : 9 And Samuel took a sucking lamb , and offered it for a burnt offering wholly unto the LORD : and Samuel cried unto the LORD for Israel ; and the LORD heard him .
Your marrying will be equal to the match at Randalls .
107 : 17 Fools because of their transgression , and because of their iniquities , are afflicted .
24 : 1 Now these are the divisions of the sons of Aaron .
Charles heard it quite by chance ; they have not had the civility to give me any notice , or of offering to take anything .
Miss Woodhouse must excuse me .
6 : 3 Then this Daniel was preferred above the presidents and princes , because an excellent spirit was in him ; and the king thought to set him over the whole realm .
14 : 3 Let not him that eateth despise him that eateth not ; and let not him which eateth not judge him that eateth : for God hath received him .
19 : 4 And the Egyptians will I give over into the hand of a cruel lord ; and a fierce king shall rule over them , saith the Lord , the LORD of hosts .
Elinor repeated the particulars of it , as she had given them to John ; and their effect on Robert , though very different , was not less striking than it had been on HIM .
24 : 23 Then if any man shall say unto you , Lo , here is Christ , or there ; believe it not .
said Frank Churchill , as soon as they were out of hearing :--" How well they suit one another !-- Very lucky -- marrying as they did , upon an acquaintance formed only in a public place !-- They only knew each other , I think , a few weeks in Bath !
Marianne ' s abilities were , in many respects , quite equal to Elinor ' s .
6 : 27 Which of you by taking thought can add one cubit unto his stature ?
I met the letters in my way this morning , and seeing my son ' s hand , presumed to open it -- though it was not directed to me -- it was to Mrs . Weston .
3 : 10 From beyond the rivers of Ethiopia my suppliants , even the daughter of my dispersed , shall bring mine offering .
8 : 10 Receive my instruction , and not silver ; and knowledge rather than choice gold .
And Jehoshaphat said to the king of Israel , I am as thou art , my people as thy people , my horses as thy horses .
3 : 2 And he wrought evil in the sight of the LORD ; but not like his father , and like his mother : for he put away the image of Baal that his father had made .
12 : 20 But now are they many members , yet but one body .
6 : 2 Therefore when thou doest thine alms , do not sound a trumpet before thee , as the hypocrites do in the synagogues and in the streets , that they may have glory of men .
Miss Campbell always was absolutely plain -- but extremely elegant and amiable ."
" What a great traveller you must have been , ma ' am !"
33 : 16 In those days shall Judah be saved , and Jerusalem shall dwell safely : and this is the name wherewith she shall be called , The LORD our righteousness .
--
43 : 26 Put me in remembrance : let us plead together : declare thou , that thou mayest be justified .
He has imposed on me , but he has not injured me .
This is delightful , is not it ?-- Where ' s dear Mr .
12 : 9 And I that am the LORD thy God from the land of Egypt will yet make thee to dwell in tabernacles , as in the days of the solemn feast .
It was her superior duty .
61 : 11 For as the earth bringeth forth her bud , and as the garden causeth the things that are sown in it to spring forth ; so the Lord GOD will cause righteousness and praise to spring forth before all the nations .
5 : 47 And if ye salute your brethren only , what do ye more than others ?
62 : 8 The LORD hath sworn by his right hand , and by the arm of his strength , Surely I will no more give thy corn to be meat for thine enemies ; and the sons of the stranger shall not drink thy wine , for the which thou hast laboured : 62 : 9 But they that have gathered it shall eat it , and praise the LORD ; and they that have brought it together shall drink it in the courts of my holiness .
49 : 19 Gad , a troop shall overcome him : but he shall overcome at the last .
A party was formed this evening for going on the following day to see a very fine place about twelve miles from Barton , belonging to a brother - in - law of Colonel Brandon , without whose interest it could not be seen , as the proprietor , who was then abroad , had left strict orders on that head .
Charles " had never seen a pleasanter man in his life ; and from what he had once heard Captain Wentworth himself say , was very sure that he had not made less than twenty thousand pounds by the war .
9 : 23 Their children also multipliedst thou as the stars of heaven , and broughtest them into the land , concerning which thou hadst promised to their fathers , that they should go in to possess it .
But though Mrs . Ferrars DID come to see them , and always treated them with the make - believe of decent affection , they were never insulted by her real favour and preference .
42 : 6 And Joseph was the governor over the land , and he it was that sold to all the people of the land : and Joseph ' s brethren came , and bowed down themselves before him with their faces to the earth .
" Oh , la !
ay ,-- Mr Wentworth , the curate of Monkford .
3 : 15 But when the children of Israel cried unto the LORD , the LORD raised them up a deliverer , Ehud the son of Gera , a Benjamite , a man lefthanded : and by him the children of Israel sent a present unto Eglon the king of Moab .
ma ' am , but there may be a difficulty .
40 : 31 And the arches thereof were toward the utter court ; and palm trees were upon the posts thereof : and the going up to it had eight steps .
1 : 4 And whosoever remaineth in any place where he sojourneth , let the men of his place help him with silver , and with gold , and with goods , and with beasts , beside the freewill offering for the house of God that is in Jerusalem .
28 : 56 The tender and delicate woman among you , which would not adventure to set the sole of her foot upon the ground for delicateness and tenderness , her eye shall be evil toward the husband of her bosom , and toward her son , and toward her daughter , 28 : 57 And toward her young one that cometh out from between her feet , and toward her children which she shall bear : for she shall eat them for want of all things secretly in the siege and straitness , wherewith thine enemy shall distress thee in thy gates .
She will break it to you better than I can .
1 : 12 Is it nothing to you , all ye that pass by ?
It was an afternoon of distress , and Anne had every thing to do at once ; the apothecary to send for , the father to have pursued and informed , the mother to support and keep from hysterics , the servants to control , the youngest child to banish , and the poor suffering one to attend and soothe ; besides sending , as soon as she recollected it , proper notice to the other house , which brought her an accession rather of frightened , enquiring companions , than of very useful assistants .
He paused for her assent and compassion ; and she forced herself to say ,
He hoped she might make some amends for the many very plain faces he was continually passing in the streets .
7 : 8 And the children of Israel said to Samuel , Cease not to cry unto the LORD our God for us , that he will save us out of the hand of the Philistines .
Poor old Mrs . Bates , civil and humble as usual , looked as if she did not quite understand what was going on .
14 : 16 And I will pray the Father , and he shall give you another Comforter , that he may abide with you for ever ; 14 : 17 Even the Spirit of truth ; whom the world cannot receive , because it seeth him not , neither knoweth him : but ye know him ; for he dwelleth with you , and shall be in you .
81 : 16 He should have fed them also with the finest of the wheat : and with honey out of the rock should I have satisfied thee .
" Bartlett ' s Building , March .
22 : 30 For in the resurrection they neither marry , nor are given in marriage , but are as the angels of God in heaven .
18 : 34 Where are the gods of Hamath , and of Arpad ?
21 : 6 So the priest gave him hallowed bread : for there was no bread there but the shewbread , that was taken from before the LORD , to put hot bread in the day when it was taken away .
2 : 38 The children of Pashur , a thousand two hundred forty and seven .
A large party in an hotel ensured a quick - changing , unsettled scene .
8 : 12 Those by the way side are they that hear ; then cometh the devil , and taketh away the word out of their hearts , lest they should believe and be saved .
I am a great dreamer .
or who is a rock save our God ?
13 : 23 But if the bright spot stay in his place , and spread not , it is a burning boil ; and the priest shall pronounce him clean .
28 : 28 Bread corn is bruised ; because he will not ever be threshing it , nor break it with the wheel of his cart , nor bruise it with his horsemen .
22 : 8 He trusted on the LORD that he would deliver him : let him deliver him , seeing he delighted in him .
22 : 23 The same day came to him the Sadducees , which say that there is no resurrection , and asked him , 22 : 24 Saying , Master , Moses said , If a man die , having no children , his brother shall marry his wife , and raise up seed unto his brother .
64 : 6 They search out iniquities ; they accomplish a diligent search : both the inward thought of every one of them , and the heart , is deep .
What Lucy had asserted to be true , therefore , Elinor could not , dared not longer doubt ; supported as it was too on every side by such probabilities and proofs , and contradicted by nothing but her own wishes .
15 : 12 This is my commandment , That ye love one another , as I have loved you .
21 : 14 And the bones of Saul and Jonathan his son buried they in the country of Benjamin in Zelah , in the sepulchre of Kish his father : and they performed all that the king commanded .
But where sin abounded , grace did much more abound : 5 : 21 That as sin hath reigned unto death , even so might grace reign through righteousness unto eternal life by Jesus Christ our Lord .
3 : 18 ( For many walk , of whom I have told you often , and now tell you even weeping , that they are the enemies of the cross of Christ : 3 : 19 Whose end is destruction , whose God is their belly , and whose glory is in their shame , who mind earthly things .)
43 : 27 And he asked them of their welfare , and said , Is your father well , the old man of whom ye spake ?
21 : 7 And she said , Who would have said unto Abraham , that Sarah should have given children suck ?
As Harriet described it , there had been an interesting mixture of wounded affection and genuine delicacy in their behaviour .
11 : 34 Howbeit I will not take the whole kingdom out of his hand : but I will make him prince all the days of his life for David my servant ' s sake , whom I chose , because he kept my commandments and my statutes : 11 : 35 But I will take the kingdom out of his son ' s hand , and will give it unto thee , even ten tribes .
16 : 25 And the fat of the sin offering shall he burn upon the altar .
36 : 15 The length of one curtain was thirty cubits , and four cubits was the breadth of one curtain : the eleven curtains were of one size .
I had an acrostic once sent to me upon my own name , which I was not at all pleased with .
28 : 15 It cannot be gotten for gold , neither shall silver be weighed for the price thereof .
2 : 9 Now therefore hold him not guiltless : for thou art a wise man , and knowest what thou oughtest to do unto him ; but his hoar head bring thou down to the grave with blood .
4 : 16 The pots also , and the shovels , and the fleshhooks , and all their instruments , did Huram his father make to king Solomon for the house of the LORD of bright brass .
8 : 24 And his power shall be mighty , but not by his own power : and he shall destroy wonderfully , and shall prosper , and practise , and shall destroy the mighty and the holy people .
5 : 2 Your riches are corrupted , and your garments are motheaten .
23 : 17 And he said , Be it far from me , O LORD , that I should do this : is not this the blood of the men that went in jeopardy of their lives ?
65 : 2 O thou that hearest prayer , unto thee shall all flesh come .
12 : 14 Howbeit , because by this deed thou hast given great occasion to the enemies of the LORD to blaspheme , the child also that is born unto thee shall surely die .
Her regard was receiving strength by invariable praise of him , and her regrets kept alive , and feelings irritated by ceaseless repetitions of Miss Hawkins ' s happiness , and continual observation of , how much he seemed attached !-- his air as he walked by the house -- the very sitting of his hat , being all in proof of how much he was in love !
65 : 23 They shall not labour in vain , nor bring forth for trouble ; for they are the seed of the blessed of the LORD , and their offspring with them .
22 : 1 And Jesus answered and spake unto them again by parables , and said , 22 : 2 The kingdom of heaven is like unto a certain king , which made a marriage for his son , 22 : 3 And sent forth his servants to call them that were bidden to the wedding : and they would not come .
3 : 6 And the Pharisees went forth , and straightway took counsel with the Herodians against him , how they might destroy him .
52 : 4 Thou lovest all devouring words , O thou deceitful tongue .
17 : 14 And the LORD said unto Moses , Write this for a memorial in a book , and rehearse it in the ears of Joshua : for I will utterly put out the remembrance of Amalek from under heaven .
Edward was the first to speak , and it was to notice Marianne ' s altered looks , and express his fear of her not finding London agree with her .
The events of this evening were not very remarkable .
18 : 4 The firstfruit also of thy corn , of thy wine , and of thine oil , and the first of the fleece of thy sheep , shalt thou give him .
11 : 1 And when Athaliah the mother of Ahaziah saw that her son was dead , she arose and destroyed all the seed royal .
1 : 4 From the wilderness and this Lebanon even unto the great river , the river Euphrates , all the land of the Hittites , and unto the great sea toward the going down of the sun , shall be your coast .
55 : 9 For as the heavens are higher than the earth , so are my ways higher than your ways , and my thoughts than your thoughts .
His tone , his expressions , his choice of subject , his knowing where to stop ; it was all the operation of a sensible , discerning mind .
cried Marianne .
Thus shall they cleanse the land .
Therefore they compassed about him to fight : but Jehoshaphat cried out , and the LORD helped him ; and God moved them to depart from him .
41 : 9 Then spake the chief butler unto Pharaoh , saying , I do remember my faults this day : 41 : 10 Pharaoh was wroth with his servants , and put me in ward in the captain of the guard ' s house , both me and the chief baker : 41 : 11 And we dreamed a dream in one night , I and he ; we dreamed each man according to the interpretation of his dream .
Mr . Woodhouse was almost as much interested in the business as the girls , and tried very often to recollect something worth their putting in .
25 : 19 Therefore it shall be , when the LORD thy God hath given thee rest from all thine enemies round about , in the land which the LORD thy God giveth thee for an inheritance to possess it , that thou shalt blot out the remembrance of Amalek from under heaven ; thou shalt not forget it .
23 : 4 And the king commanded Hilkiah the high priest , and the priests of the second order , and the keepers of the door , to bring forth out of the temple of the LORD all the vessels that were made for Baal , and for the grove , and for all the host of heaven : and he burned them without Jerusalem in the fields of Kidron , and carried the ashes of them unto Bethel .
108 : 4 For thy mercy is great above the heavens : and thy truth reacheth unto the clouds .
And they took and laid it on the boil , and he recovered .
2 : 4 Or despisest thou the riches of his goodness and forbearance and longsuffering ; not knowing that the goodness of God leadeth thee to repentance ?
51 : 49 As Babylon hath caused the slain of Israel to fall , so at Babylon shall fall the slain of all the earth .
Mr . Dashwood was convinced .
And his mother ' s name was Jedidah , the daughter of Adaiah of Boscath .
16 : 9 Then said Abishai the son of Zeruiah unto the king , Why should this dead dog curse my lord the king ?
13 : 3 And he spake many things unto them in parables , saying , Behold , a sower went forth to sow ; 13 : 4 And when he sowed , some seeds fell by the way side , and the fowls came and devoured them up : 13 : 5 Some fell upon stony places , where they had not much earth : and forthwith they sprung up , because they had no deepness of earth : 13 : 6 And when the sun was up , they were scorched ; and because they had no root , they withered away .
She could only hang over little Charles , with most disordered feelings .
10 : 10 But into whatsoever city ye enter , and they receive you not , go your ways out into the streets of the same , and say , 10 : 11 Even the very dust of your city , which cleaveth on us , we do wipe off against you : notwithstanding be ye sure of this , that the kingdom of God is come nigh unto you .
" Well , well , means to make her an offer then .
You have always a profession , pursuits , business of some sort or other , to take you back into the world immediately , and continual occupation and change soon weaken impressions ."
She thought of her father , of Lady Russell .
47 : 14 Behold , they shall be as stubble ; the fire shall burn them ; they shall not deliver themselves from the power of the flame : there shall not be a coal to warm at , nor fire to sit before it .
Oh the dismal care That shakes the blossoms of my hoary hair !"
Till yesterday , I believe , she never doubted his regard ; and even now , perhaps -- but I am almost convinced that he never was really attached to her .
18 : 24 A man that hath friends must shew himself friendly : and there is a friend that sticketh closer than a brother .
from whence then hath it tares ?
34 : 16 The face of the LORD is against them that do evil , to cut off the remembrance of them from the earth .
Just the kind of girl I should suppose likely to captivate poor Edward .
21 : 15 And when the chief priests and scribes saw the wonderful things that he did , and the children crying in the temple , and saying , Hosanna to the son of David ; they were sore displeased , 21 : 16 And said unto him , Hearest thou what these say ?
15 : 3 Now go and smite Amalek , and utterly destroy all that they have , and spare them not ; but slay both man and woman , infant and suckling , ox and sheep , camel and ass .
9 : 16 So then it is not of him that willeth , nor of him that runneth , but of God that sheweth mercy .
9 : 5 And they kept the passover on the fourteenth day of the first month at even in the wilderness of Sinai : according to all that the LORD commanded Moses , so did the children of Israel .
8 : 17 Thirty and two years old was he when he began to reign ; and he reigned eight years in Jerusalem .
This was the appearance of the likeness of the glory of the LORD .
or , Ah his glory !
16 : 12 It is an abomination to kings to commit wickedness : for the throne is established by righteousness .
6 : 23 For the commandment is a lamp ; and the law is light ; and reproofs of instruction are the way of life : 6 : 24 To keep thee from the evil woman , from the flattery of the tongue of a strange woman .
23 : 3 Six days shall work be done : but the seventh day is the sabbath of rest , an holy convocation ; ye shall do no work therein : it is the sabbath of the LORD in all your dwellings .
32 : 6 For this shall every one that is godly pray unto thee in a time when thou mayest be found : surely in the floods of great waters they shall not come nigh unto him .
6 : 23 Peace be to the brethren , and love with faith , from God the Father and the Lord Jesus Christ .
5 : 24 And thou shalt know that thy tabernacle shall be in peace ; and thou shalt visit thy habitation , and shalt not sin .
Every attention is due to Mr Elliot .
for thy servant will henceforth offer neither burnt offering nor sacrifice unto other gods , but unto the LORD .
19 : 37 Therefore shall ye observe all my statutes , and all my judgments , and do them : I am the LORD .
9 : 39 And , lo , a spirit taketh him , and he suddenly crieth out ; and it teareth him that he foameth again , and bruising him hardly departeth from him .
She even addressed him once , and looked at him more than once .
" I do not know ," said he , after a pause of expectation on her side , and thoughtfulness on his own ,--" how YOU may have accounted for my behaviour to your sister , or what diabolical motive you may have imputed to me .-- Perhaps you will hardly think the better of me ,-- it is worth the trial however , and you shall hear every thing .
And as it is some months since Miss Campbell married , the impression may be a little worn off ."
16 : 10 And he hath brought thee near to him , and all thy brethren the sons of Levi with thee : and seek ye the priesthood also ?
Anne had gone unhappy to school , grieving for the loss of a mother whom she had dearly loved , feeling her separation from home , and suffering as a girl of fourteen , of strong sensibility and not high spirits , must suffer at such a time ; and Miss Hamilton , three years older than herself , but still from the want of near relations and a settled home , remaining another year at school , had been useful and good to her in a way which had considerably lessened her misery , and could never be remembered with indifference .
21 : 11 The burden of Dumah .
14 : 1 In the second year of Joash son of Jehoahaz king of Israel reigned Amaziah the son of Joash king of Judah .
Such violence of affliction indeed could not be supported for ever ; it sunk within a few days into a calmer melancholy ; but these employments , to which she daily recurred , her solitary walks and silent meditations , still produced occasional effusions of sorrow as lively as ever .
31 : 24 And it came to pass , when Moses had made an end of writing the words of this law in a book , until they were finished , 31 : 25 That Moses commanded the Levites , which bare the ark of the covenant of the LORD , saying , 31 : 26 Take this book of the law , and put it in the side of the ark of the covenant of the LORD your God , that it may be there for a witness against thee .
17 : 3 And this is life eternal , that they might know thee the only true God , and Jesus Christ , whom thou hast sent .
5 : 2 Then Solomon assembled the elders of Israel , and all the heads of the tribes , the chief of the fathers of the children of Israel , unto Jerusalem , to bring up the ark of the covenant of the LORD out of the city of David , which is Zion .
38 : 13 And for the east side eastward fifty cubits .
50 : 17 Seeing thou hatest instruction , and casteth my words behind thee .
3 : 23 And he called them unto him , and said unto them in parables , How can Satan cast out Satan ?
" Civil !-- Did you see nothing but only civility ?-- I saw a vast deal more .
140 : 4 Keep me , O LORD , from the hands of the wicked ; preserve me from the violent man ; who have purposed to overthrow my goings .
By his style , I should imagine it just settled ."
Nobody thought of Hannah till you mentioned her -- James is so obliged to you !"
This will certainly be the beginning of one of our quarrels about Emma , Mr .
She had been used before to feel that he could not be always quite sincere , but now she saw insincerity in everything .
1 : 10 Declare ye it not at Gath , weep ye not at all : in the house of Aphrah roll thyself in the dust .
6 : 63 It is the spirit that quickeneth ; the flesh profiteth nothing : the words that I speak unto you , they are spirit , and they are life .
10 : 15 And when the Syrians saw that they were smitten before Israel , they gathered themselves together .
No , she had had enough of interference .
Nothing was wanting but to be happy when they got there .
48 : 5 And by the border of Manasseh , from the east side unto the west side , a portion for Ephraim .
SPRING
I wish I COULD get him a living , with all my heart .-- She calls me dear Mrs . Jennings , you see .
3 : 8 Likewise must the deacons be grave , not doubletongued , not given to much wine , not greedy of filthy lucre ; 3 : 9 Holding the mystery of the faith in a pure conscience .
5 : 4 For whatsoever is born of God overcometh the world : and this is the victory that overcometh the world , even our faith .
13 : 25 And their coast was Jazer , and all the cities of Gilead , and half the land of the children of Ammon , unto Aroer that is before Rabbah ; 13 : 26 And from Heshbon unto Ramathmizpeh , and Betonim ; and from Mahanaim unto the border of Debir ; 13 : 27 And in the valley , Betharam , and Bethnimrah , and Succoth , and Zaphon , the rest of the kingdom of Sihon king of Heshbon , Jordan and his border , even unto the edge of the sea of Chinnereth on the other side Jordan eastward .
5 : 7 Be not ye therefore partakers with them .
Where could have been the attraction ?
" It is all very strange .
Neither the dissipations of the past -- and she had lived very much in the world -- nor the restrictions of the present , neither sickness nor sorrow seemed to have closed her heart or ruined her spirits .
2 : 22 Be not afraid , ye beasts of the field : for the pastures of the wilderness do spring , for the tree beareth her fruit , the fig tree and the vine do yield their strength .
Mrs . Ferrars at first reasonably endeavoured to dissuade him from marrying Miss Dashwood , by every argument in her power ;-- told him , that in Miss Morton he would have a woman of higher rank and larger fortune ;-- and enforced the assertion , by observing that Miss Morton was the daughter of a nobleman with thirty thousand pounds , while Miss Dashwood was only the daughter of a private gentleman with no more than THREE ; but when she found that , though perfectly admitting the truth of her representation , he was by no means inclined to be guided by it , she judged it wisest , from the experience of the past , to submit -- and therefore , after such an ungracious delay as she owed to her own dignity , and as served to prevent every suspicion of good - will , she issued her decree of consent to the marriage of Edward and Elinor .
" Mr . Knightley ," said Emma , trying to be lively , but really confused -- " I am in a very extraordinary situation .
3 : 2 This only would I learn of you , Received ye the Spirit by the works of the law , or by the hearing of faith ?
" I shall never let that book go out of my own hands ," said she .
147 : 10 He delighteth not in the strength of the horse : he taketh not pleasure in the legs of a man .
7 : 18 It is good that thou shouldest take hold of this ; yea , also from this withdraw not thine hand : for he that feareth God shall come forth of them all .
Mr . Weston meanwhile , perfectly unsuspicious of the indignation he was exciting , happy and cheerful as usual , and with all the right of being principal talker , which a day spent anywhere from home confers , was making himself agreeable among the rest ; and having satisfied the inquiries of his wife as to his dinner , convincing her that none of all her careful directions to the servants had been forgotten , and spread abroad what public news he had heard , was proceeding to a family communication , which , though principally addressed to Mrs . Weston , he had not the smallest doubt of being highly interesting to every body in the room .
21 : 21 For they gave them Shechem with her suburbs in mount Ephraim , to be a city of refuge for the slayer ; and Gezer with her suburbs , 21 : 22 And Kibzaim with her suburbs , and Bethhoron with her suburbs ; four cities .
The independence she settled on Robert , through resentment against you , has put it in his power to make his own choice ; and she has actually been bribing one son with a thousand a - year , to do the very deed which she disinherited the other for intending to do .
85 : 5 Wilt thou be angry with us for ever ?
7 : 5 Of the tribe of Juda were sealed twelve thousand .
32 : 7 And when I shall put thee out , I will cover the heaven , and make the stars thereof dark ; I will cover the sun with a cloud , and the moon shall not give her light .
8 : 18 When I would comfort myself against sorrow , my heart is faint in me .
He was looking about , he was going to the door , he was watching for the sound of other carriages ,-- impatient to begin , or afraid of being always near her .
Miss Steele was going to reply on the same subject , but the approach of her own party made another more necessary .
And she shewed her mother in law with whom she had wrought , and said , The man ' s name with whom I wrought to day is Boaz .
Though aware , before she began it , that it must bring a confession of his inconstancy , and confirm their separation for ever , she was not aware that such language could be suffered to announce it ; nor could she have supposed Willoughby capable of departing so far from the appearance of every honourable and delicate feeling -- so far from the common decorum of a gentleman , as to send a letter so impudently cruel : a letter which , instead of bringing with his desire of a release any professions of regret , acknowledged no breach of faith , denied all peculiar affection whatever -- a letter of which every line was an insult , and which proclaimed its writer to be deep in hardened villainy .
do that which is good , and thou shalt have praise of the same : 13 : 4 For he is the minister of God to thee for good .
And he hearkened unto their voice , and did so .
32 : 22 Asshur is there and all her company : his graves are about him : all of them slain , fallen by the sword : 32 : 23 Whose graves are set in the sides of the pit , and her company is round about her grave : all of them slain , fallen by the sword , which caused terror in the land of the living .
do not you know who Miss Williams is ?
8 : 26 And Moses said , It is not meet so to do ; for we shall sacrifice the abomination of the Egyptians to the LORD our God : lo , shall we sacrifice the abomination of the Egyptians before their eyes , and will they not stone us ?
" Colonel Brandon , I think , lodges in St . James Street ," said he , soon afterwards , rising from his chair .
24 : 4 Notwithstanding , that I be not further tedious unto thee , I pray thee that thou wouldest hear us of thy clemency a few words .
7 : 19 And the LORD spake unto Moses , Say unto Aaron , Take thy rod , and stretch out thine hand upon the waters of Egypt , upon their streams , upon their rivers , and upon their ponds , and upon all their pools of water , that they may become blood ; and that there may be blood throughout all the land of Egypt , both in vessels of wood , and in vessels of stone .
5 : 13 But them that are without God judgeth .
15 : 29 And it came to pass , when he reigned , that he smote all the house of Jeroboam ; he left not to Jeroboam any that breathed , until he had destroyed him , according unto the saying of the LORD , which he spake by his servant Ahijah the Shilonite : 15 : 30 Because of the sins of Jeroboam which he sinned , and which he made Israel sin , by his provocation wherewith he provoked the LORD God of Israel to anger .
Then changing from a frown to a smile --" No , do not tell me -- I do not want to know what you mean .-- Where is my father ?-- When are we to begin dancing ?"
Thus the children of Ammon were subdued before the children of Israel .
You could make it into two parcels , Mrs . Ford , could not you ?"
7 : 10 But when his brethren were gone up , then went he also up unto the feast , not openly , but as it were in secret .
So they cast lots , and the lot fell upon Jonah .
48 : 45 They that fled stood under the shadow of Heshbon because of the force : but a fire shall come forth out of Heshbon , and a flame from the midst of Sihon , and shall devour the corner of Moab , and the crown of the head of the tumultuous ones .
21 : 8 But the fearful , and unbelieving , and the abominable , and murderers , and whoremongers , and sorcerers , and idolaters , and all liars , shall have their part in the lake which burneth with fire and brimstone : which is the second death .
11 : 9 And I will bring you out of the midst thereof , and deliver you into the hands of strangers , and will execute judgments among you .
2 : 12 And being warned of God in a dream that they should not return to Herod , they departed into their own country another way .
Much better employed talking to the young ladies .
24 : 11 And their words seemed to them as idle tales , and they believed them not .
Churchill ?"
24 : 8 And if the woman will not be willing to follow thee , then thou shalt be clear from this my oath : only bring not my son thither again .
And next unto them repaired Meshullam the son of Berechiah , the son of Meshezabeel .
And she called his name Moses : and she said , Because I drew him out of the water .
Elinor ' s delight , as she saw what each felt in the meeting , was only checked by an apprehension of its robbing Marianne of farther sleep ;-- but Mrs . Dashwood could be calm , could be even prudent , when the life of a child was at stake , and Marianne , satisfied in knowing her mother was near her , and conscious of being too weak for conversation , submitted readily to the silence and quiet prescribed by every nurse around her .
-- All idle refinement !
At present , I ask only to hear , once to hear your voice ."
" For my own part ," said he , " I am excessively fond of a cottage ; there is always so much comfort , so much elegance about them .
4 : 42 And some of them , even of the sons of Simeon , five hundred men , went to mount Seir , having for their captains Pelatiah , and Neariah , and Rephaiah , and Uzziel , the sons of Ishi .
There could not be an objection .
Selah .
18 : 23 Jesus answered him , If I have spoken evil , bear witness of the evil : but if well , why smitest thou me ?
2 : 18 But Samuel ministered before the LORD , being a child , girded with a linen ephod .
31 : 15 And next him were Eden , and Miniamin , and Jeshua , and Shemaiah , Amariah , and Shecaniah , in the cities of the priests , in their set office , to give to their brethren by courses , as well to the great as to the small : 31 : 16 Beside their genealogy of males , from three years old and upward , even unto every one that entereth into the house of the LORD , his daily portion for their service in their charges according to their courses ; 31 : 17 Both to the genealogy of the priests by the house of their fathers , and the Levites from twenty years old and upward , in their charges by their courses ; 31 : 18 And to the genealogy of all their little ones , their wives , and their sons , and their daughters , through all the congregation : for in their set office they sanctified themselves in holiness : 31 : 19 Also of the sons of Aaron the priests , which were in the fields of the suburbs of their cities , in every several city , the men that were expressed by name , to give portions to all the males among the priests , and to all that were reckoned by genealogies among the Levites .
You will excuse her not coming to you -- she is not able -- she is gone into her own room -- I want her to lie down upon the bed .
After receiving a very indifferent education she is left in Mrs . Goddard ' s hands to shift as she can ;-- to move , in short , in Mrs . Goddard ' s line , to have Mrs . Goddard ' s acquaintance .
But Sir John did not sport long with the curiosity which he delighted to raise , for he had at least as much pleasure in telling the name , as Miss Steele had in hearing it .
21 : 14 And I will forsake the remnant of mine inheritance , and deliver them into the hand of their enemies ; and they shall become a prey and a spoil to all their enemies ; 21 : 15 Because they have done that which was evil in my sight , and have provoked me to anger , since the day their fathers came forth out of Egypt , even unto this day .
And he rebuking them suffered them not to speak : for they knew that he was Christ .
So when David had put the battle in array against the Syrians , they fought with him .
34 : 5 They looked unto him , and were lightened : and their faces were not ashamed .
11 : 14 Doth not even nature itself teach you , that , if a man have long hair , it is a shame unto him ?
12 : 7 I have forsaken mine house , I have left mine heritage ; I have given the dearly beloved of my soul into the hand of her enemies .
That was the kind action ; that was the noble benevolence and generosity ; that was the service which made me begin to feel how superior he was to every other being upon earth ."
24 : 23 And your tires shall be upon your heads , and your shoes upon your feet : ye shall not mourn nor weep ; but ye shall pine away for your iniquities , and mourn one toward another .
She was sent back , however , in a moment by the entrance of Captain Wentworth himself , among a party of gentlemen and ladies , evidently his acquaintance , and whom he must have joined a little below Milsom Street .
So ended the first part , which had been afterwards put into an envelope , containing nearly as much more .
" My own loss is great ," be continued , " in being obliged to leave so agreeable a party ; but I am the more concerned , as I fear my presence is necessary to gain your admittance at Whitwell ."
9 : 7 Are ye not as children of the Ethiopians unto me , O children of Israel ?
6 : 25 And she came in straightway with haste unto the king , and asked , saying , I will that thou give me by and by in a charger the head of John the Baptist .
1 : 6 Look not upon me , because I am black , because the sun hath looked upon me : my mother ' s children were angry with me ; they made me the keeper of the vineyards ; but mine own vineyard have I not kept .
107 : 15 Oh that men would praise the LORD for his goodness , and for his wonderful works to the children of men !
13 : 13 And Joash slept with his fathers ; and Jeroboam sat upon his throne : and Joash was buried in Samaria with the kings of Israel .
20 : 37 And I will cause you to pass under the rod , and I will bring you into the bond of the covenant : 20 : 38 And I will purge out from among you the rebels , and them that transgress against me : I will bring them forth out of the country where they sojourn , and they shall not enter into the land of Israel : and ye shall know that I am the LORD .
One thing , especially , I remember , because it served to identify the man still more :-- as soon as the ceremony was over , they were to go to Combe Magna , his seat in Somersetshire .
5 : 10 For if , when we were enemies , we were reconciled to God by the death of his Son , much more , being reconciled , we shall be saved by his life .
3 : 11 He hath turned aside my ways , and pulled me in pieces : he hath made me desolate .
It was driven by a servant in mourning .
7 : 13 If I shut up heaven that there be no rain , or if I command the locusts to devour the land , or if I send pestilence among my people ; 7 : 14 If my people , which are called by my name , shall humble themselves , and pray , and seek my face , and turn from their wicked ways ; then will I hear from heaven , and will forgive their sin , and will heal their land .
3 : 12 And he straitly charged them that they should not make him known .
17 : 3 Take heed to yourselves : If thy brother trespass against thee , rebuke him ; and if he repent , forgive him .
2 : 18 And she took it up , and went into the city : and her mother in law saw what she had gleaned : and she brought forth , and gave to her that she had reserved after she was sufficed .
16 : 20 And they went forth , and preached every where , the Lord working with them , and confirming the word with signs following .
Lucy continued .
Every invitation was successful .
Nothing new was heard by them , for a day or two afterwards , of affairs in Harley Street , or Bartlett ' s Buildings .
10 : 3 Is it good unto thee that thou shouldest oppress , that thou shouldest despise the work of thine hands , and shine upon the counsel of the wicked ?
" To see you ," cried he , " in the midst of those who could not be my well - wishers ; to see your cousin close by you , conversing and smiling , and feel all the horrible eligibilities and proprieties of the match !
Harriet ' s sweet easy temper will not mind it ."
2 : 24 But unto you I say , and unto the rest in Thyatira , as many as have not this doctrine , and which have not known the depths of Satan , as they speak ; I will put upon you none other burden .
They were all three walking about together for an hour or two -- first round the shrubberies of Hartfield , and afterwards in Highbury .
71 : 24 My tongue also shall talk of thy righteousness all the day long : for they are confounded , for they are brought unto shame , that seek my hurt .
came the word of God out from you ?
8 : 12 And he took about five thousand men , and set them to lie in ambush between Bethel and Ai , on the west side of the city .
18 : 45 The strangers shall fade away , and be afraid out of their close places .
17 : 41 And the Philistine came on and drew near unto David ; and the man that bare the shield went before him .
Oh !
5 : 23 And the very God of peace sanctify you wholly ; and I pray God your whole spirit and soul and body be preserved blameless unto the coming of our Lord Jesus Christ .
6 : 14 To him that is afflicted pity should be shewed from his friend ; but he forsaketh the fear of the Almighty .
19 : 17 And it was told David ; and he gathered all Israel , and passed over Jordan , and came upon them , and set the battle in array against them .
She looked again .
19 : 4 Pilate therefore went forth again , and saith unto them , Behold , I bring him forth to you , that ye may know that I find no fault in him .
" It was you , and not your sister , I find , that my brother had the pleasure of being acquainted with , when he was in this country ."
7 : 9 The children of Shephatiah , three hundred seventy and two .
3 : 2 And next unto him builded the men of Jericho .
52 : 22 And a chapiter of brass was upon it ; and the height of one chapiter was five cubits , with network and pomegranates upon the chapiters round about , all of brass .
We shall know more about them all , in half an hour , from you , than Miss Fairfax would have vouchsafed in half a year ."
6 : 6 And this he said to prove him : for he himself knew what he would do .
8 : 32 And that which remaineth of the flesh and of the bread shall ye burn with fire .
" Mrs . Weston ' s manners ," said Emma , " were always particularly good .
Lively as he was , it seemed a liveliness that did not satisfy himself ; but what decided her belief on the subject , was his staying only a quarter of an hour , and hurrying away to make other calls in Highbury .
68 : 13 Though ye have lien among the pots , yet shall ye be as the wings of a dove covered with silver , and her feathers with yellow gold .
14 : 24 And if the way be too long for thee , so that thou art not able to carry it ; or if the place be too far from thee , which the LORD thy God shall choose to set his name there , when the LORD thy God hath blessed thee : 14 : 25 Then shalt thou turn it into money , and bind up the money in thine hand , and shalt go unto the place which the LORD thy God shall choose : 14 : 26 And thou shalt bestow that money for whatsoever thy soul lusteth after , for oxen , or for sheep , or for wine , or for strong drink , or for whatsoever thy soul desireth : and thou shalt eat there before the LORD thy God , and thou shalt rejoice , thou , and thine household , 14 : 27 And the Levite that is within thy gates ; thou shalt not forsake him ; for he hath no part nor inheritance with thee .
2 : 15 Then there arose and went over by number twelve of Benjamin , which pertained to Ishbosheth the son of Saul , and twelve of the servants of David .
26 : 23 Of the Amramites , and the Izharites , the Hebronites , and the Uzzielites : 26 : 24 And Shebuel the son of Gershom , the son of Moses , was ruler of the treasures .
saith the LORD .
13 : 1 Saul reigned one year ; and when he had reigned two years over Israel , 13 : 2 Saul chose him three thousand men of Israel ; whereof two thousand were with Saul in Michmash and in mount Bethel , and a thousand were with Jonathan in Gibeah of Benjamin : and the rest of the people he sent every man to his tent .
All these belonged to the sons of Machir the father of Gilead .
I have not seen a creature the whole morning !"
1 : 11 And I called for a drought upon the land , and upon the mountains , and upon the corn , and upon the new wine , and upon the oil , and upon that which the ground bringeth forth , and upon men , and upon cattle , and upon all the labour of the hands .
She would sit whenever I asked her .
60 : 21 Thy people also shall be all righteous : they shall inherit the land for ever , the branch of my planting , the work of my hands , that I may be glorified .
10 : 13 For he saith , By the strength of my hand I have done it , and by my wisdom ; for I am prudent : and I have removed the bounds of the people , and have robbed their treasures , and I have put down the inhabitants like a valiant man : 10 : 14 And my hand hath found as a nest the riches of the people : and as one gathereth eggs that are left , have I gathered all the earth ; and there was none that moved the wing , or opened the mouth , or peeped .
2 : 6 But there was certain of the scribes sitting there , and reasoning in their hearts , 2 : 7 Why doth this man thus speak blasphemies ?
12 : 10 But when ye go over Jordan , and dwell in the land which the LORD your God giveth you to inherit , and when he giveth you rest from all your enemies round about , so that ye dwell in safety ; 12 : 11 Then there shall be a place which the LORD your God shall choose to cause his name to dwell there ; thither shall ye bring all that I command you ; your burnt offerings , and your sacrifices , your tithes , and the heave offering of your hand , and all your choice vows which ye vow unto the LORD : 12 : 12 And ye shall rejoice before the LORD your God , ye , and your sons , and your daughters , and your menservants , and your maidservants , and the Levite that is within your gates ; forasmuch as he hath no part nor inheritance with you .
They shall no longer worry others , nor torture myself .
47 : 4 As for our redeemer , the LORD of hosts is his name , the Holy One of Israel .
4 : 33 And he spake of trees , from the cedar tree that is in Lebanon even unto the hyssop that springeth out of the wall : he spake also of beasts , and of fowl , and of creeping things , and of fishes .
" They talked a great deal about him , especially Anne Cox .
31 : 1 The words of king Lemuel , the prophecy that his mother taught him .
" M . D ."
24 : 62 And Isaac came from the way of the well Lahairoi ; for he dwelt in the south country .
48 : 9 Give wings unto Moab , that it may flee and get away : for the cities thereof shall be desolate , without any to dwell therein .
4 : 15 Whosoever shall confess that Jesus is the Son of God , God dwelleth in him , and he in God .
And the sons of Jeduthun were porters .
1 : 4 Be ye not as your fathers , unto whom the former prophets have cried , saying , Thus saith the LORD of hosts ; Turn ye now from your evil ways , and from your evil doings : but they did not hear , nor hearken unto me , saith the LORD .
43 : 4 And the glory of the LORD came into the house by the way of the gate whose prospect is toward the east .
I will tell thee the mystery of the woman , and of the beast that carrieth her , which hath the seven heads and ten horns .
Everybody ' s heart is open , you know , when they have recently escaped from severe pain , or are recovering the blessing of health , and Nurse Rooke thoroughly understands when to speak .
41 : 15 Behold , I will make thee a new sharp threshing instrument having teeth : thou shalt thresh the mountains , and beat them small , and shalt make the hills as chaff .
Your countenance perfectly informs me that you were in company last night with the person whom you think the most agreeable in the world , the person who interests you at this present time more than all the rest of the world put together ."
17 : 11 And the Levite was content to dwell with the man ; and the young man was unto him as one of his sons .
11 : 4 And when he shall stand up , his kingdom shall be broken , and shall be divided toward the four winds of heaven ; and not to his posterity , nor according to his dominion which he ruled : for his kingdom shall be plucked up , even for others beside those .
The quarter of an hour brought her punctually to the white gate again ; and Miss Smith receiving her summons , was with her without delay , and unattended by any alarming young man .
16 : 21 And they gathered it every morning , every man according to his eating : and when the sun waxed hot , it melted .
I have been expecting to hear from you , and still more to see you , every hour of the day .
62 : 8 Trust in him at all times ; ye people , pour out your heart before him : God is a refuge for us .
12 : 10 Be kindly affectioned one to another with brotherly love ; in honour preferring one another ; 12 : 11 Not slothful in business ; fervent in spirit ; serving the Lord ; 12 : 12 Rejoicing in hope ; patient in tribulation ; continuing instant in prayer ; 12 : 13 Distributing to the necessity of saints ; given to hospitality .
4 : 19 And Solomon made all the vessels that were for the house of God , the golden altar also , and the tables whereon the shewbread was set ; 4 : 20 Moreover the candlesticks with their lamps , that they should burn after the manner before the oracle , of pure gold ; 4 : 21 And the flowers , and the lamps , and the tongs , made he of gold , and that perfect gold ; 4 : 22 And the snuffers , and the basons , and the spoons , and the censers , of pure gold : and the entry of the house , the inner doors thereof for the most holy place , and the doors of the house of the temple , were of gold .
8 : 10 And Samuel told all the words of the LORD unto the people that asked of him a king .
no , I could not endure William Coxe -- a pert young lawyer ."
He would soon be among them again ; Mr . Elton and his bride .
Emma could hardly understand him ; he seemed in an odd humour .
16 : 18 And when Delilah saw that he had told her all his heart , she sent and called for the lords of the Philistines , saying , Come up this once , for he hath shewed me all his heart .
15 : 24 Then cometh the end , when he shall have delivered up the kingdom to God , even the Father ; when he shall have put down all rule and all authority and power .
36 : 11 And he made loops of blue on the edge of one curtain from the selvedge in the coupling : likewise he made in the uttermost side of another curtain , in the coupling of the second .
28 : 6 Blessed be the LORD , because he hath heard the voice of my supplications .
10 : 1 Then I looked , and , behold , in the firmament that was above the head of the cherubims there appeared over them as it were a sapphire stone , as the appearance of the likeness of a throne .
2 : 1 And it came to pass in the month Nisan , in the twentieth year of Artaxerxes the king , that wine was before him : and I took up the wine , and gave it unto the king .
My uncle has been too good for me to encroach .-- I must still add to this long letter .
4 : 14 Now because we have maintenance from the king ' s palace , and it was not meet for us to see the king ' s dishonour , therefore have we sent and certified the king ; 4 : 15 That search may be made in the book of the records of thy fathers : so shalt thou find in the book of the records , and know that this city is a rebellious city , and hurtful unto kings and provinces , and that they have moved sedition within the same of old time : for which cause was this city destroyed .
My mother often talks of your good - nature .
27 : 17 If he sanctify his field from the year of jubile , according to thy estimation it shall stand .
Their conversation the preceding evening did not disincline him to seek her again ; and they walked together some time , talking as before of Mr Scott and Lord Byron , and still as unable as before , and as unable as any other two readers , to think exactly alike of the merits of either , till something occasioned an almost general change amongst their party , and instead of Captain Benwick , she had Captain Harville by her side .
" I only mean that I suppose , from your manner of speaking , it must be the same to Miss Morton whether she marry Edward or Robert ."
48 : 2 And one told Jacob , and said , Behold , thy son Joseph cometh unto thee : and Israel strengthened himself , and sat upon the bed .
3 : 11 And he said , Who told thee that thou wast naked ?
41 : 14 Who can open the doors of his face ?
32 : 5 And I will lay thy flesh upon the mountains , and fill the valleys with thy height .
46 : 9 Remember the former things of old : for I am God , and there is none else ; I am God , and there is none like me , 46 : 10 Declaring the end from the beginning , and from ancient times the things that are not yet done , saying , My counsel shall stand , and I will do all my pleasure : 46 : 11 Calling a ravenous bird from the east , the man that executeth my counsel from a far country : yea , I have spoken it , I will also bring it to pass ; I have purposed it , I will also do it .
26 : 6 And Isaac dwelt in Gerar : 26 : 7 And the men of the place asked him of his wife ; and he said , She is my sister : for he feared to say , She is my wife ; lest , said he , the men of the place should kill me for Rebekah ; because she was fair to look upon .
Mr . Elton was all obligation and cheerfulness ; he was so very cheerful in his civilities indeed , that she began to think he must have received a different account of Harriet from what had reached her .
Praise ye the LORD .
I have been but half a friend to her ; and if she were _not_ to feel this disappointment so very much , I am sure I have not an idea of any body else who would be at all desirable for her ;-- William Coxe -- Oh !
" Ah !
6 : 10 And looking round about upon them all , he said unto the man , Stretch forth thy hand .
And how beautiful we thought he looked !
7 : 31 And the priest shall burn the fat upon the altar : but the breast shall be Aaron ' s and his sons '.
7 : 1 For this Melchisedec , king of Salem , priest of the most high God , who met Abraham returning from the slaughter of the kings , and blessed him ; 7 : 2 To whom also Abraham gave a tenth part of all ; first being by interpretation King of righteousness , and after that also King of Salem , which is , King of peace ; 7 : 3 Without father , without mother , without descent , having neither beginning of days , nor end of life ; but made like unto the Son of God ; abideth a priest continually .
I cannot make her attend to the value of the property .
But this was one of the points on which the lady shewed her strength ; and when he recommended the advantage of resting herself a quarter of an hour at Winthrop , as she felt so tired , she resolutely answered , " Oh !
But even then there was something odd in their way of going on .
I never could have supposed it .
are all prophets ?
And God said unto him , Call her name Loruhamah : for I will no more have mercy upon the house of Israel ; but I will utterly take them away .
She now found , that in spite of herself , she had always admitted a hope , while Edward remained single , that something would occur to prevent his marrying Lucy ; that some resolution of his own , some mediation of friends , or some more eligible opportunity of establishment for the lady , would arise to assist the happiness of all .
107 : 11 Because they rebelled against the words of God , and contemned the counsel of the most High :
Sophy must write , and beg him to come to Bath .
It will not be so great a loss of time : but if you dislike it --"
Such an immense plantation all round it !
30 : 22 Therefore thus saith the Lord GOD ; Behold , I am against Pharaoh king of Egypt , and will break his arms , the strong , and that which was broken ; and I will cause the sword to fall out of his hand .
31 : 3 For thou art my rock and my fortress ; therefore for thy name ' s sake lead me , and guide me .
The kindness , the unceasing kindness of Mrs . Jennings , I had repaid with ungrateful contempt .
7 : 4 Now the city was large and great : but the people were few therein , and the houses were not builded .
20 : 3 And David came to his house at Jerusalem ; and the king took the ten women his concubines , whom he had left to keep the house , and put them in ward , and fed them , but went not in unto them .
21 : 20 And the families of the children of Kohath , the Levites which remained of the children of Kohath , even they had the cities of their lot out of the tribe of Ephraim .
Ye have heaped treasure together for the last days .
11 : 2 As they called them , so they went from them : they sacrificed unto Baalim , and burned incense to graven images .
.
107 : 13 Then they cried unto the LORD in their trouble , and he saved them out of their distresses .
But there was no peculiar disgrace in this ; for it was very much the case with the chief of their visitors , who almost all laboured under one or other of these disqualifications for being agreeable -- Want of sense , either natural or improved -- want of elegance -- want of spirits -- or want of temper .
22 : 61 And the Lord turned , and looked upon Peter .
4 : 6 Better is an handful with quietness , than both the hands full with travail and vexation of spirit .
9 : 31 But they , when they were departed , spread abroad his fame in all that country .
no -- none in the least .
10 : 2 And he judged Israel twenty and three years , and died , and was buried in Shamir .
13 : 18 Pray for us : for we trust we have a good conscience , in all things willing to live honestly .
78 : 62 He gave his people over also unto the sword ; and was wroth with his inheritance .
Anne had a moment ' s astonishment on the subject herself ; but it was soon lost in the pleasanter feelings which sprang from the sight of all the ingenious contrivances and nice arrangements of Captain Harville , to turn the actual space to the best account , to supply the deficiencies of lodging - house furniture , and defend the windows and doors against the winter storms to be expected .
That would be so very painful a conclusion of their present acquaintance !
20 : 32 And Jesus stood still , and called them , and said , What will ye that I shall do unto you ?
6 : 19 So when they had rowed about five and twenty or thirty furlongs , they see Jesus walking on the sea , and drawing nigh unto the ship : and they were afraid .
21 : 3 Then said Jeremiah unto them , Thus shall ye say to Zedekiah : 21 : 4 Thus saith the LORD God of Israel ; Behold , I will turn back the weapons of war that are in your hands , wherewith ye fight against the king of Babylon , and against the Chaldeans , which besiege you without the walls , and I will assemble them into the midst of this city .
Rub her hands , rub her temples ; here are salts ; take them , take them ."
Latterly , however -- for some time , indeed -- I have had no idea of their meaning any thing .-- I thought them a habit , a trick , nothing that called for seriousness on my side .
44 : 29 They shall eat the meat offering , and the sin offering , and the trespass offering : and every dedicated thing in Israel shall be theirs .
81 : 1 Sing aloud unto God our strength : make a joyful noise unto the God of Jacob .
16 : 3 And the second angel poured out his vial upon the sea ; and it became as the blood of a dead man : and every living soul died in the sea .
14 : 10 And David enquired of God , saying , Shall I go up against the Philistines ?
18 : 45 And it came to pass in the mean while , that the heaven was black with clouds and wind , and there was a great rain .
3 : 14 And above all these things put on charity , which is the bond of perfectness .
28 : 39 Thou shalt plant vineyards , and dress them , but shalt neither drink of the wine , nor gather the grapes ; for the worms shall eat them .
18 : 14 Every thing devoted in Israel shall be thine .
30 : 19 For the people shall dwell in Zion at Jerusalem : thou shalt weep no more : he will be very gracious unto thee at the voice of thy cry ; when he shall hear it , he will answer thee .
The son looked convinced .
13 : 13 Then shalt thou say unto them , Thus saith the LORD , Behold , I will fill all the inhabitants of this land , even the kings that sit upon David ' s throne , and the priests , and the prophets , and all the inhabitants of Jerusalem , with drunkenness .
9 : 13 And he said , What cities are these which thou hast given me , my brother ?
But really I never understood that you were at all connected with that family , and therefore I am a little surprised , I confess , at so serious an inquiry into her character ."
6 : 10 And Noah begat three sons , Shem , Ham , and Japheth .
He had been engaged to Captain Harville ' s sister , and was now mourning her loss .
13 : 8 And all that dwell upon the earth shall worship him , whose names are not written in the book of life of the Lamb slain from the foundation of the world .
" My dear Emma , as long as he thinks so , it is so ; but if he really loves Jane Fairfax --"
9 : 11 And as they went up the hill to the city , they found young maidens going out to draw water , and said unto them , Is the seer here ?
50 : 33 Thus saith the LORD of hosts ; The children of Israel and the children of Judah were oppressed together : and all that took them captives held them fast ; they refused to let them go .
I was desired to say so from both .
saith the LORD .
29 : 17 Is it not yet a very little while , and Lebanon shall be turned into a fruitful field , and the fruitful field shall be esteemed as a forest ?
20 : 11 But the LORD is with me as a mighty terrible one : therefore my persecutors shall stumble , and they shall not prevail : they shall be greatly ashamed ; for they shall not prosper : their everlasting confusion shall never be forgotten .
or who hath stretched the line upon it ?
I never hear better sense from any one than Robert Martin .
49 : 9 That he should still live for ever , and not see corruption .
9 : 44 And Azel had six sons , whose names are these , Azrikam , Bocheru , and Ishmael , and Sheariah , and Obadiah , and Hanan : these were the sons of Azel .
16 : 6 For they have shed the blood of saints and prophets , and thou hast given them blood to drink ; for they are worthy .
58 : 13 If thou turn away thy foot from the sabbath , from doing thy pleasure on my holy day ; and call the sabbath a delight , the holy of the LORD , honourable ; and shalt honour him , not doing thine own ways , nor finding thine own pleasure , nor speaking thine own words : 58 : 14 Then shalt thou delight thyself in the LORD ; and I will cause thee to ride upon the high places of the earth , and feed thee with the heritage of Jacob thy father : for the mouth of the LORD hath spoken it .
" Not at all -- I never saw him ; but I fancy he is very unlike his brother -- silly and a great coxcomb ."
148 : 14 He also exalteth the horn of his people , the praise of all his saints ; even of the children of Israel , a people near unto him .
You are the worst judge in the world , Mr . Knightley , of the difficulties of dependence .
To know that he has not thrown himself away , is such a comfort !-- She does seem a charming young woman , just what he deserves .
12 : 19 And there fell some of Manasseh to David , when he came with the Philistines against Saul to battle : but they helped them not : for the lords of the Philistines upon advisement sent him away , saying , He will fall to his master Saul to the jeopardy of our heads .
" Emma ," said Mr . Knightley presently , " I have a piece of news for you .
16 : 33 And he took them the same hour of the night , and washed their stripes ; and was baptized , he and all his , straightway .
18 : 30 Therefore shall ye keep mine ordinance , that ye commit not any one of these abominable customs , which were committed before you , and that ye defile not yourselves therein : I am the LORD your God .
And Peter remembered the word of the Lord , how he had said unto him , Before the cock crow , thou shalt deny me thrice .
The time of year lightened the evil to him .
On Edward ' s side , more particularly , there was a deficiency of all that a lover ought to look and say on such an occasion .
For there is no power but of God : the powers that be are ordained of God .
Quite a surprize to me !
25 : 17 Therefore , when they were come hither , without any delay on the morrow I sat on the judgment seat , and commanded the man to be brought forth .
30 : 12 For thus saith the LORD , Thy bruise is incurable , and thy wound is grievous .
" I am flattered by his commendation .
Jesus answered him , Whither I go , thou canst not follow me now ; but thou shalt follow me afterwards .
She could not understand his present feelings , whether he were really suffering much from disappointment or not ; and till that point were settled , she could not be quite herself .
All that cometh is vanity .
The First Epistle of Paul the Apostle to the Corinthians
14 : 61 But he held his peace , and answered nothing .
you are not serious now .
Here they were interrupted by the entrance of a third person , and Elinor withdrew to think it all over in private , to wish success to her friend , and yet in wishing it , to feel a pang for Willoughby .
So they left off speaking with him ; for the matter was not perceived .
The longer she considered it , the greater was her sense of its expediency .
35 : 3 For thou saidst , What advantage will it be unto thee ?
Her joy and expression of regard long outlived her wonder .
139 : 9 If I take the wings of the morning , and dwell in the uttermost parts of the sea ;
If any thing , you are too attentive .
What his mother really is we cannot know ; but , from Fanny ' s occasional mention of her conduct and opinions , we have never been disposed to think her amiable ; and I am very much mistaken if Edward is not himself aware that there would be many difficulties in his way , if he were to wish to marry a woman who had not either a great fortune or high rank ."
31 : 33 If I covered my transgressions as Adam , by hiding mine iniquity in my bosom : 31 : 34 Did I fear a great multitude , or did the contempt of families terrify me , that I kept silence , and went not out of the door ?
7 : 27 This is he , of whom it is written , Behold , I send my messenger before thy face , which shall prepare thy way before thee .
11 : 19 The Son of man came eating and drinking , and they say , Behold a man gluttonous , and a winebibber , a friend of publicans and sinners .
Little Lamb , God bless thee !
cleanse thou me from secret faults .
The First Book of the Kings
6 : 21 Then the angel of the LORD put forth the end of the staff that was in his hand , and touched the flesh and the unleavened cakes ; and there rose up fire out of the rock , and consumed the flesh and the unleavened cakes .
Once only , when she had been grieving over the last ill - judged , ill - fated walk to the Cobb , bitterly lamenting that it ever had been thought of , he burst forth , as if wholly overcome --
They were reckoning him as certain , but with her it was a gnawing solicitude never appeased for five minutes together .
24 : 23 Now therefore put away , said he , the strange gods which are among you , and incline your heart unto the LORD God of Israel .
19 : 24 Then the LORD rained upon Sodom and upon Gomorrah brimstone and fire from the LORD out of heaven ; 19 : 25 And he overthrew those cities , and all the plain , and all the inhabitants of the cities , and that which grew upon the ground .
Upon these occasions , a lady ' s character generally precedes her ; and Highbury has long known that you are a superior performer ."
26 : 2 And the sons of Meshelemiah were , Zechariah the firstborn , Jediael the second , Zebadiah the third , Jathniel the fourth , 26 : 3 Elam the fifth , Jehohanan the sixth , Elioenai the seventh .
" Colonel Brandon seems a man of great worth and respectability .
" No , my dear ," said her father instantly ; " _that_ I am sure you are not .
12 : 5 And she brought forth a man child , who was to rule all nations with a rod of iron : and her child was caught up unto God , and to his throne .
He enquired after you very particularly ; asked even if you were personally altered , little suspecting that to my eye you could never alter ."
129 : 1 Many a time have they afflicted me from my youth , may Israel now say :
17 : 9 And Moses brought out all the rods from before the LORD unto all the children of Israel : and they looked , and took every man his rod .
It would be of no use to go to Uppercross again , for that other Miss Musgrove , I find , is bespoke by her cousin , the young parson .
107 : 43 Whoso is wise , and will observe these things , even they shall understand the lovingkindness of the LORD .
It was the beginning of February ; and Anne , having been a month in Bath , was growing very eager for news from Uppercross and Lyme .
23 : 49 And all his acquaintance , and the women that followed him from Galilee , stood afar off , beholding these things .
said he ; so I just mentioned .
15 : 22 For which cause also I have been much hindered from coming to you .
9 : 6 And he arose , and went into the house ; and he poured the oil on his head , and said unto him , Thus saith the LORD God of Israel , I have anointed thee king over the people of the LORD , even over Israel .
And the servants of David feared to tell him that the child was dead : for they said , Behold , while the child was yet alive , we spake unto him , and he would not hearken unto our voice : how will he then vex himself , if we tell him that the child is dead ?
4 : 4 This shall be the service of the sons of Kohath in the tabernacle of the congregation , about the most holy things : 4 : 5 And when the camp setteth forward , Aaron shall come , and his sons , and they shall take down the covering vail , and cover the ark of testimony with it : 4 : 6 And shall put thereon the covering of badgers ' skins , and shall spread over it a cloth wholly of blue , and shall put in the staves thereof .
This picture , she had allowed herself to believe , might have been accidentally obtained ; it might not have been Edward ' s gift ; but a correspondence between them by letter , could subsist only under a positive engagement , could be authorised by nothing else ; for a few moments , she was almost overcome -- her heart sunk within her , and she could hardly stand ; but exertion was indispensably necessary ; and she struggled so resolutely against the oppression of her feelings , that her success was speedy , and for the time complete .
He denied it , and said , I am not .
Robert Martin would never have proceeded so far , if he had not felt persuaded of her not being disinclined to him .
27 : 20 Dedan was thy merchant in precious clothes for chariots .
" You are very wrong , Mr . Willoughby , very blamable ," said Elinor , while her voice , in spite of herself , betrayed her compassionate emotion ; " you ought not to speak in this way , either of Mrs . Willoughby or my sister .
do you recommend this side ?-- Well , I am sure , Mr . Churchill -- only it seems too good -- but just as you please .
Mr . Elton was speaking with animation , Harriet listening with a very pleased attention ; and Emma , having sent the child on , was beginning to think how she might draw back a little more , when they both looked around , and she was obliged to join them .
15 : 24 If I had not done among them the works which none other man did , they had not had sin : but now have they both seen and hated both me and my Father .
1 : 31 And the strong shall be as tow , and the maker of it as a spark , and they shall both burn together , and none shall quench them .
10 : 1 Now when Ezra had prayed , and when he had confessed , weeping and casting himself down before the house of God , there assembled unto him out of Israel a very great congregation of men and women and children : for the people wept very sore .
9 : 16 For Pharaoh king of Egypt had gone up , and taken Gezer , and burnt it with fire , and slain the Canaanites that dwelt in the city , and given it for a present unto his daughter , Solomon ' s wife .
1 : 20 And she said unto them , Call me not Naomi , call me Mara : for the Almighty hath dealt very bitterly with me .
9 : 20 Put them in fear , O LORD : that the nations may know themselves to be but men .
" It seems like madness !
5 : 8 They sent therefore and gathered all the lords of the Philistines unto them , and said , What shall we do with the ark of the God of Israel ?
17 : 24 And when they were come to Capernaum , they that received tribute money came to Peter , and said , Doth not your master pay tribute ?
and if in the land of peace , wherein thou trustedst , they wearied thee , then how wilt thou do in the swelling of Jordan ?
41 : 8 I saw also the height of the house round about : the foundations of the side chambers were a full reed of six great cubits .
He came to the Abbey two evenings ago , on purpose to consult me about it .
11 : 4 Nevertheless these shall ye not eat of them that chew the cud , or of them that divide the hoof : as the camel , because he cheweth the cud , but divideth not the hoof ; he is unclean unto you .
or who is he that gave thee this authority ?
46 : 8 Egypt riseth up like a flood , and his waters are moved like the rivers ; and he saith , I will go up , and will cover the earth ; I will destroy the city and the inhabitants thereof .
for if the mighty works , which were done in you , had been done in Tyre and Sidon , they would have repented long ago in sackcloth and ashes .
24 : 13 As saith the proverb of the ancients , Wickedness proceedeth from the wicked : but mine hand shall not be upon thee .
1 : 7 Even as Sodom and Gomorrha , and the cities about them in like manner , giving themselves over to fornication , and going after strange flesh , are set forth for an example , suffering the vengeance of eternal fire .
19 : 9 But when divers were hardened , and believed not , but spake evil of that way before the multitude , he departed from them , and separated the disciples , disputing daily in the school of one Tyrannus .
There will not be time for any thing ."
" I meant ," said Elinor , taking up some work from the table , " to inquire for Mrs . EDWARD Ferrars ."
As to Captain Wentworth ' s views , she deemed it of more consequence that he should know his own mind early enough not to be endangering the happiness of either sister , or impeaching his own honour , than that he should prefer Henrietta to Louisa , or Louisa to Henrietta .
8 : 62 And the king , and all Israel with him , offered sacrifice before the LORD .
But what shall I say ?
3 : 9 They spake and said to the king Nebuchadnezzar , O king , live for ever .
22 : 9 And they came to the place which God had told him of ; and Abraham built an altar there , and laid the wood in order , and bound Isaac his son , and laid him on the altar upon the wood .
They all looked exceedingly foolish ; and Edward seemed to have as great an inclination to walk out of the room again , as to advance farther into it .
3 : 3 Nevertheless he cleaved unto the sins of Jeroboam the son of Nebat , which made Israel to sin ; he departed not therefrom .
CHAPTER VII
or shalt thou indeed have dominion over us ?
13 : 28 And if the bright spot stay in his place , and spread not in the skin , but it be somewhat dark ; it is a rising of the burning , and the priest shall pronounce him clean : for it is an inflammation of the burning .
37 : 8 Cease from anger , and forsake wrath : fret not thyself in any wise to do evil .
Amen .
One evening in particular , about a week after Colonel Brandon left the country , his heart seemed more than usually open to every feeling of attachment to the objects around him ; and on Mrs . Dashwood ' s happening to mention her design of improving the cottage in the spring , he warmly opposed every alteration of a place which affection had established as perfect with him .
This , though late , and reluctant , and ungracious , was yet better than nothing , and her spirits improved .
His mother ' s name also was Zibiah of Beersheba .
And Samuel prayed unto the LORD .
17 : 9 And God said unto Abraham , Thou shalt keep my covenant therefore , thou , and thy seed after thee in their generations .
" Very serious !
12 : 7 Now therefore stand still , that I may reason with you before the LORD of all the righteous acts of the LORD , which he did to you and to your fathers .
And he brought Simeon out unto them .
9 : 7 Now Herod the tetrarch heard of all that was done by him : and he was perplexed , because that it was said of some , that John was risen from the dead ; 9 : 8 And of some , that Elias had appeared ; and of others , that one of the old prophets was risen again .
Hereby know we the spirit of truth , and the spirit of error .
40 : 9 O Zion , that bringest good tidings , get thee up into the high mountain ; O Jerusalem , that bringest good tidings , lift up thy voice with strength ; lift it up , be not afraid ; say unto the cities of Judah , Behold your God !
74 : 5 A man was famous according as he had lifted up axes upon the thick trees .
9 : 14 How much less shall I answer him , and choose out my words to reason with him ?
I knew not this , and therefore did I weep : That God would love a Worm I knew , and punish the evil foot That wilful bruis ' d its helpless form : but that he cherish ' d it With milk and oil I never knew , and therefore did I weep , And I complaind in the mild air , because I fade away .
They were laying themselves open to that very phrase -- and to having it sent off in a letter to Maple Grove by one lady , to Ireland by another .
9 : 33 And he said , Throw her down .
10 : 7 Then said I , Lo , I come ( in the volume of the book it is written of me ,) to do thy will , O God .
Her eyes , a deep grey , with dark eye - lashes and eyebrows , had never been denied their praise ; but the skin , which she had been used to cavil at , as wanting colour , had a clearness and delicacy which really needed no fuller bloom .
113 : 8 That he may set him with princes , even with the princes of his people .
20 : 11 And it shall be , if it make thee answer of peace , and open unto thee , then it shall be , that all the people that is found therein shall be tributaries unto thee , and they shall serve thee .
7 : 14 Now about the midst of the feast Jesus went up into the temple , and taught .
48 : 17 Thus saith the LORD , thy Redeemer , the Holy One of Israel ; I am the LORD thy God which teacheth thee to profit , which leadeth thee by the way that thou shouldest go .
13 : 15 Though he be fruitful among his brethren , an east wind shall come , the wind of the LORD shall come up from the wilderness , and his spring shall become dry , and his fountain shall be dried up : he shall spoil the treasure of all pleasant vessels .
You , who have not a mother ' s feelings , are a great deal the properest person .
or who hath begotten the drops of dew ?
3 : 18 But if not , be it known unto thee , O king , that we will not serve thy gods , nor worship the golden image which thou hast set up .
7 : 5 And they rose up in the twilight , to go unto the camp of the Syrians : and when they were come to the uttermost part of the camp of Syria , behold , there was no man there .
10 : 9 Blessed be the LORD thy God , which delighted in thee , to set thee on the throne of Israel : because the LORD loved Israel for ever , therefore made he thee king , to do judgment and justice .
for thy breach is great like the sea : who can heal thee ?
13 : 27 And they told him , and said , We came unto the land whither thou sentest us , and surely it floweth with milk and honey ; and this is the fruit of it .
Now I had not been beforetime sad in his presence .
34 : 12 Therefore the word of the LORD came to Jeremiah from the LORD , saying , 34 : 13 Thus saith the LORD , the God of Israel ; I made a covenant with your fathers in the day that I brought them forth out of the land of Egypt , out of the house of bondmen , saying , 34 : 14 At the end of seven years let ye go every man his brother an Hebrew , which hath been sold unto thee ; and when he hath served thee six years , thou shalt let him go free from thee : but your fathers hearkened not unto me , neither inclined their ear .
7 : 34 Ye shall seek me , and shall not find me : and where I am , thither ye cannot come .
Nothing , but to grow more worthy of him , whose intentions and judgment had been ever so superior to her own .
17 : 8 And the word of the LORD came unto him , saying , 17 : 9 Arise , get thee to Zarephath , which belongeth to Zidon , and dwell there : behold , I have commanded a widow woman there to sustain thee .
29 : 25 The fear of man bringeth a snare : but whoso putteth his trust in the LORD shall be safe .
12 : 1 And Samuel said unto all Israel , Behold , I have hearkened unto your voice in all that ye said unto me , and have made a king over you .
11 : 21 Seven years old was Jehoash when he began to reign .
This was an affair , however , of which Lady Middleton did not approve .
3 : 6 And when the woman saw that the tree was good for food , and that it was pleasant to the eyes , and a tree to be desired to make one wise , she took of the fruit thereof , and did eat , and gave also unto her husband with her ; and he did eat .
Love the brotherhood .
The late owner of this estate was a single man , who lived to a very advanced age , and who for many years of his life , had a constant companion and housekeeper in his sister .
and who is like to thee in Israel ?
43 : 30 And Joseph made haste ; for his bowels did yearn upon his brother : and he sought where to weep ; and he entered into his chamber , and wept there .
shall thy jealousy burn like fire ?
And Moses feared , and said , Surely this thing is known .
39 : 17 And she spake unto him according to these words , saying , The Hebrew servant , which thou hast brought unto us , came in unto me to mock me : 39 : 18 And it came to pass , as I lifted up my voice and cried , that he left his garment with me , and fled out .
And poor John ' s son came to talk to Mr . Elton about relief from the parish ; he is very well to do himself , you know , being head man at the Crown , ostler , and every thing of that sort , but still he cannot keep his father without some help ; and so , when Mr . Elton came back , he told us what John ostler had been telling him , and then it came out about the chaise having been sent to Randalls to take Mr . Frank Churchill to Richmond .
What has Mr . Frank Churchill done , to make you suppose him such an unnatural creature ?"
Elinor then heard Willoughby say , in a low voice to Marianne , " There are some people who cannot bear a party of pleasure .
4 : 21 And he spake unto the children of Israel , saying , When your children shall ask their fathers in time to come , saying , What mean these stones ?
32 : 10 And I subscribed the evidence , and sealed it , and took witnesses , and weighed him the money in the balances .
16 : 6 Both the great and the small shall die in this land : they shall not be buried , neither shall men lament for them , nor cut themselves , nor make themselves bald for them : 16 : 7 Neither shall men tear themselves for them in mourning , to comfort them for the dead ; neither shall men give them the cup of consolation to drink for their father or for their mother .
They shall feed in the ways , and their pastures shall be in all high places .
14 : 51 And there followed him a certain young man , having a linen cloth cast about his naked body ; and the young men laid hold on him : 14 : 52 And he left the linen cloth , and fled from them naked .
Oh yes , Friday or Saturday next .
do they cry , Do they hear their father sigh ?
35 : 9 And God appeared unto Jacob again , when he came out of Padanaram , and blessed him .
The heat was excessive ; he had never suffered any thing like it -- almost wished he had staid at home -- nothing killed him like heat -- he could bear any degree of cold , etc ., but heat was intolerable -- and he sat down , at the greatest possible distance from the slight remains of Mr . Woodhouse ' s fire , looking very deplorable .
9 : 17 Now therefore , O our God , hear the prayer of thy servant , and his supplications , and cause thy face to shine upon thy sanctuary that is desolate , for the Lord ' s sake .
12 : 33 Sell that ye have , and give alms ; provide yourselves bags which wax not old , a treasure in the heavens that faileth not , where no thief approacheth , neither moth corrupteth .
7 : 33 And the work of the wheels was like the work of a chariot wheel : their axletrees , and their naves , and their felloes , and their spokes , were all molten .
She promised him again and again to come -- much oftener than he doubted -- and was extremely gratified by such a proof of intimacy , such a distinguishing compliment as she chose to consider it .
32 : 4 And he received them at their hand , and fashioned it with a graving tool , after he had made it a molten calf : and they said , These be thy gods , O Israel , which brought thee up out of the land of Egypt .
26 : 32 And I will bring the land into desolation : and your enemies which dwell therein shall be astonished at it .
29 : 23 And on the fourth day ten bullocks , two rams , and fourteen lambs of the first year without blemish : 29 : 24 Their meat offering and their drink offerings for the bullocks , for the rams , and for the lambs , shall be according to their number , after the manner : 29 : 25 And one kid of the goats for a sin offering ; beside the continual burnt offering , his meat offering , and his drink offering .
2 : 3 And many people shall go and say , Come ye , and let us go up to the mountain of the LORD , to the house of the God of Jacob ; and he will teach us of his ways , and we will walk in his paths : for out of Zion shall go forth the law , and the word of the LORD from Jerusalem .
I WILL be calm ; I WILL be mistress of myself ."
So Barak went down from mount Tabor , and ten thousand men after him .
I have heard the murmurings of the children of Israel , which they murmur against me .
67 : 2 That thy way may be known upon earth , thy saving health among all nations .
And Shaphan read it before the king .
" You have asserted nothing contradictory to what Mr Elliot appeared to be some years ago .
Thirteen years had passed away since Lady Elliot ' s death , and they were still near neighbours and intimate friends , and one remained a widower , the other a widow .
It was Garrick ' s , you know ."
He must have all Edward ' s virtues , and his person and manners must ornament his goodness with every possible charm ."
But as I have always had a thoroughly good opinion of Miss Fairfax , I never could , under any blunder , have spoken ill of her ; and as to speaking ill of him , there I must have been safe ."
13 : 23 And it came to pass after two full years , that Absalom had sheepshearers in Baalhazor , which is beside Ephraim : and Absalom invited all the king ' s sons .
5 : 31 So let all thine enemies perish , O LORD : but let them that love him be as the sun when he goeth forth in his might .
53 : 6 Oh that the salvation of Israel were come out of Zion !
19 : 3 Ye shall fear every man his mother , and his father , and keep my sabbaths : I am the LORD your God .
" He did .
4 : 19 And he shall take all his fat from him , and burn it upon the altar .
19 : 5 A false witness shall not be unpunished , and he that speaketh lies shall not escape .
Anxiety and hope now oppressed her in equal degrees , and left her no moment of tranquillity till the arrival of Mr . Harris at four o ' clock ;-- when his assurances , his felicitations on a recovery in her sister even surpassing his expectation , gave her confidence , comfort , and tears of joy .
added Mrs Croft .
" I cannot possibly do without Anne ," was Mary ' s reasoning ; and Elizabeth ' s reply was , " Then I am sure Anne had better stay , for nobody will want her in Bath ."
10 : 11 And when all Jabeshgilead heard all that the Philistines had done to Saul , 10 : 12 They arose , all the valiant men , and took away the body of Saul , and the bodies of his sons , and brought them to Jabesh , and buried their bones under the oak in Jabesh , and fasted seven days .
21 : 18 And Manasseh slept with his fathers , and was buried in the garden of his own house , in the garden of Uzza : and Amon his son reigned in his stead .
" I should have been sorry , Mr . Knightley , to be dependent on _your_ recommendation , had I quitted Mr . Woodhouse ' s family and wanted another situation ; I do not think you would have spoken a good word for me to any body .
The evil is now irremediable , and it has been entirely your own doing .
14 : 13 And I heard a voice from heaven saying unto me , Write , Blessed are the dead which die in the Lord from henceforth : Yea , saith the Spirit , that they may rest from their labours ; and their works do follow them .
That , you know , was so very .
She determined to call upon them and seek safety in numbers .
11 : 8 But what went ye out for to see ?
And he arose and followed him .
18 : 22 Neither must the children of Israel henceforth come nigh the tabernacle of the congregation , lest they bear sin , and die .
5 : 16 When I shall send upon them the evil arrows of famine , which shall be for their destruction , and which I will send to destroy you : and I will increase the famine upon you , and will break your staff of bread : 5 : 17 So will I send upon you famine and evil beasts , and they shall bereave thee : and pestilence and blood shall pass through thee ; and I will bring the sword upon thee .
There was nothing less for Lady Russell to do , than to admit that she had been pretty completely wrong , and to take up a new set of opinions and of hopes .
You must be a great deal too happy to care for Uppercross , which , as you well know , affords little to write about .
Anne was considering whether she should venture to suggest that a gown , or a cap , would not be liable to any such misuse , when a knock at the door suspended everything .
She liked his open manners , but a little less of open - heartedness would have made him a higher character .-- General benevolence , but not general friendship , made a man what he ought to be .-- She could fancy such a man .
A very friendly shake of the hand , a very earnest " Good - bye ," closed the speech , and the door had soon shut out Frank Churchill .
" Now ," said Harriet , " you _must_ recollect ."
19 : 1 And the second lot came forth to Simeon , even for the tribe of the children of Simeon according to their families : and their inheritance was within the inheritance of the children of Judah .
" And are they going farther westward ?"
Elinor was much more hurt by Marianne ' s warmth than she had been by what produced it ; but Colonel Brandon ' s eyes , as they were fixed on Marianne , declared that he noticed only what was amiable in it , the affectionate heart which could not bear to see a sister slighted in the smallest point .
Marianne severely censured herself for what she had said ; but her own forgiveness might have been more speedy , had she known how little offence it had given her sister .
7 : 8 Of clean beasts , and of beasts that are not clean , and of fowls , and of every thing that creepeth upon the earth , 7 : 9 There went in two and two unto Noah into the ark , the male and the female , as God had commanded Noah .
I think her the very worst sort of companion that Emma could possibly have .
129 : 2 Many a time have they afflicted me from my youth : yet they have not prevailed against me .
Ah !
lo , they all shall wax old as a garment ; the moth shall eat them up .
23 : 23 That which is gone out of thy lips thou shalt keep and perform ; even a freewill offering , according as thou hast vowed unto the LORD thy God , which thou hast promised with thy mouth .
" Yes -- rather -- I have been thinking of it some little time ."
For of thorns men do not gather figs , nor of a bramble bush gather they grapes .
27 : 18 But if he sanctify his field after the jubile , then the priest shall reckon unto him the money according to the years that remain , even unto the year of the jubile , and it shall be abated from thy estimation .
7 : 18 And his sister Hammoleketh bare Ishod , and Abiezer , and Mahalah .
You are so kind !"
14 : 6 And the Spirit of the LORD came mightily upon him , and he rent him as he would have rent a kid , and he had nothing in his hand : but he told not his father or his mother what he had done .
" No , no , that ' s to - morrow ; and I particularly wanted to see Knightley to - day on that very account .-- Such a dreadful broiling morning !-- I went over the fields too --( speaking in a tone of great ill - usage ,) which made it so much the worse .
11 : 29 And it came to pass at that time when Jeroboam went out of Jerusalem , that the prophet Ahijah the Shilonite found him in the way ; and he had clad himself with a new garment ; and they two were alone in the field : 11 : 30 And Ahijah caught the new garment that was on him , and rent it in twelve pieces : 11 : 31 And he said to Jeroboam , Take thee ten pieces : for thus saith the LORD , the God of Israel , Behold , I will rend the kingdom out of the hand of Solomon , and will give ten tribes to thee : 11 : 32 ( But he shall have one tribe for my servant David ' s sake , and for Jerusalem ' s sake , the city which I have chosen out of all the tribes of Israel :) 11 : 33 Because that they have forsaken me , and have worshipped Ashtoreth the goddess of the Zidonians , Chemosh the god of the Moabites , and Milcom the god of the children of Ammon , and have not walked in my ways , to do that which is right in mine eyes , and to keep my statutes and my judgments , as did David his father .
18 : 11 And Saul cast the javelin ; for he said , I will smite David even to the wall with it .
88 : 4 I am counted with them that go down into the pit : I am as a man that hath no strength :
Considering the very superior claims of the object , it ought ; and judging by its apparently stronger effect on Harriet ' s mind , producing reserve and self - command , it would .-- She must communicate the painful truth , however , and as soon as possible .
31 : 7 And your father hath deceived me , and changed my wages ten times ; but God suffered him not to hurt me .
At any rate it would be most ungenerous .
2 : 21 Thou therefore which teachest another , teachest thou not thyself ?
17 : 26 And now , LORD , thou art God , and hast promised this goodness unto thy servant : 17 : 27 Now therefore let it please thee to bless the house of thy servant , that it may be before thee for ever : for thou blessest , O LORD , and it shall be blessed for ever .
3 : 29 The families of the sons of Kohath shall pitch on the side of the tabernacle southward .
63 : 10 But they rebelled , and vexed his holy Spirit : therefore he was turned to be their enemy , and he fought against them .
15 : 17 Better is a dinner of herbs where love is , than a stalled ox and hatred therewith .
[ At this point in the first and second editions , Volume 1 ends .]
12 : 3 The chief was Ahiezer , then Joash , the sons of Shemaah the Gibeathite ; and Jeziel , and Pelet , the sons of Azmaveth ; and Berachah , and Jehu the Antothite .
Do not run away with such an idea ."
106 : 24 Yea , they despised the pleasant land , they believed not his word :
Many counties , I believe , are called the garden of England , as well as Surry ."
But , it had better not be attempted , perhaps ."
Walk while ye have the light , lest darkness come upon you : for he that walketh in darkness knoweth not whither he goeth .
4 : 15 Then he said unto me , Lo , I have given thee cow ' s dung for man ' s dung , and thou shalt prepare thy bread therewith .
13 : 20 Wherefore thus saith the Lord GOD ; Behold , I am against your pillows , wherewith ye there hunt the souls to make them fly , and I will tear them from your arms , and will let the souls go , even the souls that ye hunt to make them fly .
21 : 31 And as they went about to kill him , tidings came unto the chief captain of the band , that all Jerusalem was in an uproar .
5 : 6 Now therefore command thou that they hew me cedar trees out of Lebanon ; and my servants shall be with thy servants : and unto thee will I give hire for thy servants according to all that thou shalt appoint : for thou knowest that there is not among us any that can skill to hew timber like unto the Sidonians .
13 : 25 This is thy lot , the portion of thy measures from me , saith the LORD ; because thou hast forgotten me , and trusted in falsehood .
38 : 22 And he returned to Judah , and said , I cannot find her ; and also the men of the place said , that there was no harlot in this place .
Anne smiled , and let it pass .
Mrs . Palmer ' s eye was now caught by the drawings which hung round the room .
I ' ll shade him from the heat till he can bear To lean in joy upon our Father ' s knee ; And then I ' ll stand and stroke his silver hair , And be like him , and he will then love me .
He certainly might have heard Mr . Elton speak with more unreserve than she had ever done , and Mr . Elton might not be of an imprudent , inconsiderate disposition as to money matters ; he might naturally be rather attentive than otherwise to them ; but then , Mr . Knightley did not make due allowance for the influence of a strong passion at war with all interested motives .
" Ah !
25 : 24 And when her days to be delivered were fulfilled , behold , there were twins in her womb .
13 : 20 And Elisha died , and they buried him .
There was only Harriet , who seemed not in spirits herself , fagged , and very willing to be silent ; and Emma felt the tears running down her cheeks almost all the way home , without being at any trouble to check them , extraordinary as they were .
18 : 16 So Obadiah went to meet Ahab , and told him : and Ahab went to meet Elijah .
7 : 10 A fiery stream issued and came forth from before him : thousand thousands ministered unto him , and ten thousand times ten thousand stood before him : the judgment was set , and the books were opened .
10 : 2 And he spake unto the man clothed with linen , and said , Go in between the wheels , even under the cherub , and fill thine hand with coals of fire from between the cherubims , and scatter them over the city .
But , my dear , we must touch up the Colonel to do some thing to the parsonage , and make it comfortable for them , before Lucy goes to it ."
11 : 35 Take heed therefore that the light which is in thee be not darkness .
16 : 34 And this shall be an everlasting statute unto you , to make an atonement for the children of Israel for all their sins once a year .
Malachi
Children of the future age , Reading this indignant page , Know that in a former time Love , sweet love , was thought a crime .
All these did Sheshbazzar bring up with them of the captivity that were brought up from Babylon unto Jerusalem .
27 : 32 And as they came out , they found a man of Cyrene , Simon by name : him they compelled to bear his cross .
8 : 13 The fear of the LORD is to hate evil : pride , and arrogancy , and the evil way , and the froward mouth , do I hate .
25 : 8 Good and upright is the LORD : therefore will he teach sinners in the way .
18 : 17 Verily I say unto you , Whosoever shall not receive the kingdom of God as a little child shall in no wise enter therein .
1 : 5 And beside this , giving all diligence , add to your faith virtue ; and to virtue knowledge ; 1 : 6 And to knowledge temperance ; and to temperance patience ; and to patience godliness ; 1 : 7 And to godliness brotherly kindness ; and to brotherly kindness charity .
This is just what Perry said .
6 : 26 For by means of a whorish woman a man is brought to a piece of bread : and the adultress will hunt for the precious life .
Miss Woodhouse , I am quite concerned , I am sure you hit your foot .
And all the people shall say , Amen .
It shall be a statute for ever in your generations concerning the offerings of the LORD made by fire : every one that toucheth them shall be holy .
Whenever I looked towards the past , I saw some duty neglected , or some failing indulged .
10 : 25 Then Samuel told the people the manner of the kingdom , and wrote it in a book , and laid it up before the LORD .
The disguise , equivocation , mystery , so hateful to her to practise , might soon be over .
5 : 3 For I testify again to every man that is circumcised , that he is a debtor to do the whole law .
1 : 30 For ye shall be as an oak whose leaf fadeth , and as a garden that hath no water .
Anxious to separate herself from them as far as she could , she soon afterwards took possession of a narrow footpath , a little raised on one side of the lane , leaving them together in the main road .
8 : 13 And thou shalt set the Levites before Aaron , and before his sons , and offer them for an offering unto the LORD .
10 : 10 And when they came thither to the hill , behold , a company of prophets met him ; and the Spirit of God came upon him , and he prophesied among them .
26 : 2 Examine me , O LORD , and prove me ; try my reins and my heart .
For in that he put all in subjection under him , he left nothing that is not put under him .
50 : 19 And I will bring Israel again to his habitation , and he shall feed on Carmel and Bashan , and his soul shall be satisfied upon mount Ephraim and Gilead .
And Hezekiah prospered in all his works .
14 : 28 And there they abode long time with the disciples .
And all the people shall say , Amen .
5 : 13 Also I shook my lap , and said , So God shake out every man from his house , and from his labour , that performeth not this promise , even thus be he shaken out , and emptied .
28 : 25 The LORD shall cause thee to be smitten before thine enemies : thou shalt go out one way against them , and flee seven ways before them : and shalt be removed into all the kingdoms of the earth .
or a mermaid ?
and all the workers of iniquity boast themselves ?
2 : 16 But this is that which was spoken by the prophet Joel ; 2 : 17 And it shall come to pass in the last days , saith God , I will pour out of my Spirit upon all flesh : and your sons and your daughters shall prophesy , and your young men shall see visions , and your old men shall dream dreams : 2 : 18 And on my servants and on my handmaidens I will pour out in those days of my Spirit ; and they shall prophesy : 2 : 19 And I will shew wonders in heaven above , and signs in the earth beneath ; blood , and fire , and vapour of smoke : 2 : 20 The sun shall be turned into darkness , and the moon into blood , before the great and notable day of the Lord come : 2 : 21 And it shall come to pass , that whosoever shall call on the name of the Lord shall be saved .
1 : 3 So he went and took Gomer the daughter of Diblaim ; which conceived , and bare him a son .
12 : 39 But he answered and said unto them , An evil and adulterous generation seeketh after a sign ; and there shall no sign be given to it , but the sign of the prophet Jonas : 12 : 40 For as Jonas was three days and three nights in the whale ' s belly ; so shall the Son of man be three days and three nights in the heart of the earth .
13 : 9 Then I commanded , and they cleansed the chambers : and thither brought I again the vessels of the house of God , with the meat offering and the frankincense .
36 : 38 As the holy flock , as the flock of Jerusalem in her solemn feasts ; so shall the waste cities be filled with flocks of men : and they shall know that I am the LORD .
Where a man does his best with only moderate powers , he will have the advantage over negligent superiority .
And they sang praises with gladness , and they bowed their heads and worshipped .
20 : 43 And there shall ye remember your ways , and all your doings , wherein ye have been defiled ; and ye shall lothe yourselves in your own sight for all your evils that ye have committed .
I do not mean to set you against him , but indeed he is not quite the thing !"
That brother had been long removed from the country and being a sensible man , and , moreover , a single man at the time , she had a fond dependence on no human creature ' s having heard of it from him .
to save life , or to kill ?
Marianne got up the next morning at her usual time ; to every inquiry replied that she was better , and tried to prove herself so , by engaging in her accustomary employments .
But if you want to shew him any attention , my dear , ask him to come and dine with us some day .
6 : 11 Put on the whole armour of God , that ye may be able to stand against the wiles of the devil .
3 : 2 And the LORD said unto Satan , The LORD rebuke thee , O Satan ; even the LORD that hath chosen Jerusalem rebuke thee : is not this a brand plucked out of the fire ?
20 : 22 In the fulness of his sufficiency he shall be in straits : every hand of the wicked shall come upon him .
4 : 9 And she said , I will surely go with thee : notwithstanding the journey that thou takest shall not be for thine honour ; for the LORD shall sell Sisera into the hand of a woman .
6 : 28 And when the men of the city arose early in the morning , behold , the altar of Baal was cast down , and the grove was cut down that was by it , and the second bullock was offered upon the altar that was built .
11 : 3 The integrity of the upright shall guide them : but the perverseness of transgressors shall destroy them .
14 : 30 And Jesus saith unto him , Verily I say unto thee , That this day , even in this night , before the cock crow twice , thou shalt deny me thrice .
5 : 6 And Pharaoh commanded the same day the taskmasters of the people , and their officers , saying , 5 : 7 Ye shall no more give the people straw to make brick , as heretofore : let them go and gather straw for themselves .
Mr . Frank Churchill did not come .
" Yes ; Jane says she is sure they will ; but yet , this is such a situation as she cannot feel herself justified in declining .
He comes to Highbury himself , he says , six days out of the seven , and has always business at Ford ' s .
7 : 43 The Levites : the children of Jeshua , of Kadmiel , and of the children of Hodevah , seventy and four .
82 : 8 Arise , O God , judge the earth : for thou shalt inherit all nations .
9 : 34 But they held their peace : for by the way they had disputed among themselves , who should be the greatest .
5 : 2 I sleep , but my heart waketh : it is the voice of my beloved that knocketh , saying , Open to me , my sister , my love , my dove , my undefiled : for my head is filled with dew , and my locks with the drops of the night .
So very odd we should happen to meet !
11 : 15 He that is surety for a stranger shall smart for it : and he that hateth suretiship is sure .
Highbury , that airy , cheerful , happy - looking Highbury , would be his constant attraction ."
7 : 27 The king shall mourn , and the prince shall be clothed with desolation , and the hands of the people of the land shall be troubled : I will do unto them after their way , and according to their deserts will I judge them ; and they shall know that I am the LORD .
14 : 1 So Abijah slept with his fathers , and they buried him in the city of David : and Asa his son reigned in his stead .
17 : 10 They are inclosed in their own fat : with their mouth they speak proudly .
11 : 4 But Peter rehearsed the matter from the beginning , and expounded it by order unto them , saying , 11 : 5 I was in the city of Joppa praying : and in a trance I saw a vision , A certain vessel descend , as it had been a great sheet , let down from heaven by four corners ; and it came even to me : 11 : 6 Upon the which when I had fastened mine eyes , I considered , and saw fourfooted beasts of the earth , and wild beasts , and creeping things , and fowls of the air .
23 : 32 At the last it biteth like a serpent , and stingeth like an adder .
26 : 11 Notwithstanding the children of Korah died not .
A man clothed in soft raiment ?
10 : 25 Jesus answered them , I told you , and ye believed not : the works that I do in my Father ' s name , they bear witness of me .
What was to be done ?
She was just in time to see him turn into the Concert Room .
This , and Marianne ' s blushing , gave new suspicions to Edward .
2 : 28 Then tidings came to Joab : for Joab had turned after Adonijah , though he turned not after Absalom .
11 : 14 Then I cut asunder mine other staff , even Bands , that I might break the brotherhood between Judah and Israel .
Again they all sat down , and for a moment or two all were silent ; while Marianne was looking with the most speaking tenderness , sometimes at Edward and sometimes at Elinor , regretting only that their delight in each other should be checked by Lucy ' s unwelcome presence .
1 : 18 Now the rest of the acts of Ahaziah which he did , are they not written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Israel ?
31 : 5 As birds flying , so will the LORD of hosts defend Jerusalem ; defending also he will deliver it ; and passing over he will preserve it .
41 : 56 And the famine was over all the face of the earth : and Joseph opened all the storehouses , and sold unto the Egyptians ; and the famine waxed sore in the land of Egypt .
9 : 7 O LORD , righteousness belongeth unto thee , but unto us confusion of faces , as at this day ; to the men of Judah , and to the inhabitants of Jerusalem , and unto all Israel , that are near , and that are far off , through all the countries whither thou hast driven them , because of their trespass that they have trespassed against thee .
11 : 9 And David saith , Let their table be made a snare , and a trap , and a stumblingblock , and a recompence unto them : 11 : 10 Let their eyes be darkened , that they may not see , and bow down their back alway .
Could you have a motive for the trust , that was not honourable and flattering to me ?"
And all the people came before the king : for Israel had fled every man to his tent .
31 : 10 And Azariah the chief priest of the house of Zadok answered him , and said , Since the people began to bring the offerings into the house of the LORD , we have had enough to eat , and have left plenty : for the LORD hath blessed his people ; and that which is left is this great store .
11 : 18 Then they went along through the wilderness , and compassed the land of Edom , and the land of Moab , and came by the east side of the land of Moab , and pitched on the other side of Arnon , but came not within the border of Moab : for Arnon was the border of Moab .
Such another scheme , composed of so many ill - assorted people , she hoped never to be betrayed into again .
7 : 18 And it came to pass as the man of God had spoken to the king , saying , Two measures of barley for a shekel , and a measure of fine flour for a shekel , shall be to morrow about this time in the gate of Samaria : 7 : 19 And that lord answered the man of God , and said , Now , behold , if the LORD should make windows in heaven , might such a thing be ?
57 : 21 There is no peace , saith my God , to the wicked .
The next morning brought another short note from Marianne -- still affectionate , open , artless , confiding -- everything that could make MY conduct most hateful .
1 : 6 And they said unto him , There came a man up to meet us , and said unto us , Go , turn again unto the king that sent you , and say unto him , Thus saith the LORD , Is it not because there is not a God in Israel , that thou sendest to enquire of Baalzebub the god of Ekron ?
16 : 6 But Abram said unto Sarai , Behold , thy maid is in thine hand ; do to her as it pleaseth thee .
17 : 21 And what one nation in the earth is like thy people Israel , whom God went to redeem to be his own people , to make thee a name of greatness and terribleness , by driving out nations from before thy people whom thou hast redeemed out of Egypt ?
And this is the east side .
23 : 34 And Pharaohnechoh made Eliakim the son of Josiah king in the room of Josiah his father , and turned his name to Jehoiakim , and took Jehoahaz away : and he came to Egypt , and died there .
114 : 2 Judah was his sanctuary , and Israel his dominion .
12 : 7 And the LORD appeared unto Abram , and said , Unto thy seed will I give this land : and there builded he an altar unto the LORD , who appeared unto him .
11 : 7 Then after that saith he to his disciples , Let us go into Judaea again .
" Oh !
16 : 17 And it is easier for heaven and earth to pass , than one tittle of the law to fail .
because they have transgressed against me : though I have redeemed them , yet they have spoken lies against me .
30 : 27 Behold , the name of the LORD cometh from far , burning with his anger , and the burden thereof is heavy : his lips are full of indignation , and his tongue as a devouring fire : 30 : 28 And his breath , as an overflowing stream , shall reach to the midst of the neck , to sift the nations with the sieve of vanity : and there shall be a bridle in the jaws of the people , causing them to err .
14 : 19 And the rest of the acts of Jeroboam , how he warred , and how he reigned , behold , they are written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Israel .
11 : 6 And in the end of years they shall join themselves together ; for the king ' s daughter of the south shall come to the king of the north to make an agreement : but she shall not retain the power of the arm ; neither shall he stand , nor his arm : but she shall be given up , and they that brought her , and he that begat her , and he that strengthened her in these times .
34 : 21 Evil shall slay the wicked : and they that hate the righteous shall be desolate .
" Well ," said Emma , " I suppose we shall gradually grow reconciled to the idea , and I wish them very happy .
I can leave them at the Great House very well , for a month or six weeks .
4 : 14 And when Eli heard the noise of the crying , he said , What meaneth the noise of this tumult ?
2 : 18 And Caleb the son of Hezron begat children of Azubah his wife , and of Jerioth : her sons are these ; Jesher , and Shobab , and Ardon .
CHAPTER 43
Whatever money he might come into when his father died , whatever his share of the family property , it is , I dare say , all afloat , all employed in his stock , and so forth ; and though , with diligence and good luck , he may be rich in time , it is next to impossible that he should have realised any thing yet ."
can he provide flesh for his people ?
13 : 30 And it came to pass , while they were in the way , that tidings came to David , saying , Absalom hath slain all the king ' s sons , and there is not one of them left .
34 : 34 But when Moses went in before the LORD to speak with him , he took the vail off , until he came out .
And the LORD said unto David , Go up : for I will doubtless deliver the Philistines into thine hand .
28 : 12 Then the word of the LORD came unto Jeremiah the prophet , after that Hananiah the prophet had broken the yoke from off the neck of the prophet Jeremiah , saying , 28 : 13 Go and tell Hananiah , saying , Thus saith the LORD ; Thou hast broken the yokes of wood ; but thou shalt make for them yokes of iron .
But while she wondered at the difference of the two young men , she did not find that the emptiness of conceit of the one , put her out of all charity with the modesty and worth of the other .
5 : 12 And all the devils besought him , saying , Send us into the swine , that we may enter into them .
11 : 6 The righteousness of the upright shall deliver them : but transgressors shall be taken in their own naughtiness .
12 : 15 Seven days shall ye eat unleavened bread ; even the first day ye shall put away leaven out of your houses : for whosoever eateth leavened bread from the first day until the seventh day , that soul shall be cut off from Israel .
51 : 37 And Babylon shall become heaps , a dwellingplace for dragons , an astonishment , and an hissing , without an inhabitant .
Nothing to signify .
8 : 4 Then the king held out the golden sceptre toward Esther .
74 : 23 Forget not the voice of thine enemies : the tumult of those that rise up against thee increaseth continually .
The persons to be invited , required little thought .
92 : 9 For , lo , thine enemies , O LORD , for , lo , thine enemies shall perish ; all the workers of iniquity shall be scattered .
8 : 18 For I reckon that the sufferings of this present time are not worthy to be compared with the glory which shall be revealed in us .
" We are going to Box Hill to - morrow ;-- you will join us .
11 : 20 Then began he to upbraid the cities wherein most of his mighty works were done , because they repented not : 11 : 21 Woe unto thee , Chorazin !
16 : 29 His disciples said unto him , Lo , now speakest thou plainly , and speakest no proverb .
And she answered , I am indeed a widow woman , and mine husband is dead .
The contrast between the countenance and air of Mr . Knightley and Robert Martin was , at this moment , so strong to Emma ' s feelings , and so strong was the recollection of all that had so recently passed on Harriet ' s side , so fresh the sound of those words , spoken with such emphasis , " No , I hope I know better than to think of Robert Martin ," that she was really expecting the intelligence to prove , in some measure , premature .
And this , I fear , is all that can be said for the conduct of one , who was at once her uncle and guardian .
99 : 4 The king ' s strength also loveth judgment ; thou dost establish equity , thou executest judgment and righteousness in Jacob .
The Enscombe family were not in town quite so soon as had been imagined , but he was at Highbury very soon afterwards .
4 : 19 And the LORD said unto Moses in Midian , Go , return into Egypt : for all the men are dead which sought thy life .
Marianne ' s joy was almost a degree beyond happiness , so great was the perturbation of her spirits and her impatience to be gone .
23 : 10 These discovered her nakedness : they took her sons and her daughters , and slew her with the sword : and she became famous among women ; for they had executed judgment upon her .
34 : 21 And Zedekiah king of Judah and his princes will I give into the hand of their enemies , and into the hand of them that seek their life , and into the hand of the king of Babylon ' s army , which are gone up from you .
12 : 25 Mattaniah , and Bakbukiah , Obadiah , Meshullam , Talmon , Akkub , were porters keeping the ward at the thresholds of the gates .
33 : 46 And they removed from Dibongad , and encamped in Almondiblathaim .
11 : 26 Behold , I set before you this day a blessing and a curse ; 11 : 27 A blessing , if ye obey the commandments of the LORD your God , which I command you this day : 11 : 28 And a curse , if ye will not obey the commandments of the LORD your God , but turn aside out of the way which I command you this day , to go after other gods , which ye have not known .
And one spake saying after this manner , and another saying after that manner .
7 : 4 And the LORD said unto Gideon , The people are yet too many ; bring them down unto the water , and I will try them for thee there : and it shall be , that of whom I say unto thee , This shall go with thee , the same shall go with thee ; and of whomsoever I say unto thee , This shall not go with thee , the same shall not go .
He came to them every day .
7 : 17 And he said unto them , Look on me , and do likewise : and , behold , when I come to the outside of the camp , it shall be that , as I do , so shall ye do .
Marianne looked very grave and said nothing .
23 : 6 And it came to pass , when Abiathar the son of Ahimelech fled to David to Keilah , that he came down with an ephod in his hand .
4 : 2 Continue in prayer , and watch in the same with thanksgiving ; 4 : 3 Withal praying also for us , that God would open unto us a door of utterance , to speak the mystery of Christ , for which I am also in bonds : 4 : 4 That I may make it manifest , as I ought to speak .
I say , sir ," turning to Mr . Woodhouse , " I think there are few places with such society as Highbury .
3 : 21 Nevertheless if thou warn the righteous man , that the righteous sin not , and he doth not sin , he shall surely live , because he is warned ; also thou hast delivered thy soul .
3 : 9 And all the people saw him walking and praising God : 3 : 10 And they knew that it was he which sat for alms at the Beautiful gate of the temple : and they were filled with wonder and amazement at that which had happened unto him .
But he seemed as one that mocked unto his sons in law .
63 : 8 My soul followeth hard after thee : thy right hand upholdeth me .
24 : 5 When a man hath taken a new wife , he shall not go out to war , neither shall he be charged with any business : but he shall be free at home one year , and shall cheer up his wife which he hath taken .
Behold , they which are gorgeously apparelled , and live delicately , are in kings ' courts .
86 : 3 Be merciful unto me , O Lord : for I cry unto thee daily .
Selah .
16 : 23 The heart of the wise teacheth his mouth , and addeth learning to his lips .
And she said , I flee from the face of my mistress Sarai .
She looked at her however , from time to time , anxiously ; and when the moment approached which must point him out , though not daring to look again ( for her own countenance she knew was unfit to be seen ), she was yet perfectly conscious of Lady Russell ' s eyes being turned exactly in the direction for him -- of her being , in short , intently observing him .
Contrary to the usual course of things , Mr . Elton ' s wanting to pay his addresses to her had sunk him in her opinion .
I cannot let you continue in your error ; and yet , perhaps , since my manners gave such an impression , I have as much reason to be ashamed of confessing that I never have been at all attached to the person we are speaking of , as it might be natural for a woman to feel in confessing exactly the reverse .-- But I never have ."
Invite him to dinner , Emma , and help him to the best of the fish and the chicken , but leave him to chuse his own wife .
9 : 30 Yet many years didst thou forbear them , and testifiedst against them by thy spirit in thy prophets : yet would they not give ear : therefore gavest thou them into the hand of the people of the lands .
13 : 6 When the men of Israel saw that they were in a strait , ( for the people were distressed ,) then the people did hide themselves in caves , and in thickets , and in rocks , and in high places , and in pits .
18 : 26 And he began to speak boldly in the synagogue : whom when Aquila and Priscilla had heard , they took him unto them , and expounded unto him the way of God more perfectly .
10 : 22 All things are delivered to me of my Father : and no man knoweth who the Son is , but the Father ; and who the Father is , but the Son , and he to whom the Son will reveal him .
26 : 16 Then said the princes and all the people unto the priests and to the prophets ; This man is not worthy to die : for he hath spoken to us in the name of the LORD our God .
12 : 18 For ye are not come unto the mount that might be touched , and that burned with fire , nor unto blackness , and darkness , and tempest , 12 : 19 And the sound of a trumpet , and the voice of words ; which voice they that heard intreated that the word should not be spoken to them any more : 12 : 20 ( For they could not endure that which was commanded , And if so much as a beast touch the mountain , it shall be stoned , or thrust through with a dart : 12 : 21 And so terrible was the sight , that Moses said , I exceedingly fear and quake :) 12 : 22 But ye are come unto mount Sion , and unto the city of the living God , the heavenly Jerusalem , and to an innumerable company of angels , 12 : 23 To the general assembly and church of the firstborn , which are written in heaven , and to God the Judge of all , and to the spirits of just men made perfect , 12 : 24 And to Jesus the mediator of the new covenant , and to the blood of sprinkling , that speaketh better things than that of Abel .
34 : 19 And as for my flock , they eat that which ye have trodden with your feet ; and they drink that which ye have fouled with your feet .
91 : 16 With long life will I satisfy him , and shew him my salvation .
39 : 17 And , thou son of man , thus saith the Lord GOD ; Speak unto every feathered fowl , and to every beast of the field , Assemble yourselves , and come ; gather yourselves on every side to my sacrifice that I do sacrifice for you , even a great sacrifice upon the mountains of Israel , that ye may eat flesh , and drink blood .
6 : 50 This is the bread which cometh down from heaven , that a man may eat thereof , and not die .
Emma thought with pleasure of some change of subject .
1 : 40 And all the people came up after him , and the people piped with pipes , and rejoiced with great joy , so that the earth rent with the sound of them .
I am sorry for it .
12 : 7 But even the very hairs of your head are all numbered .
" Till I have a letter from Colonel Campbell ," said she , in a voice of forced calmness , " I can imagine nothing with any confidence .
14 : 38 But if any man be ignorant , let him be ignorant .
She was debating within herself on the eligibility of beginning her story directly , or postponing it till Marianne were in stronger health ;-- and they crept on for a few minutes in silence .
I have often heard him declare , that if baronetcies were saleable , anybody should have his for fifty pounds , arms and motto , name and livery included ; but I will not pretend to repeat half that I used to hear him say on that subject .
17 : 7 Blessed is the man that trusteth in the LORD , and whose hope the LORD is .
19 : 16 And , behold , one came and said unto him , Good Master , what good thing shall I do , that I may have eternal life ?
The hint was immediately taken up by Mr Shepherd , whose interest was involved in the reality of Sir Walter ' s retrenching , and who was perfectly persuaded that nothing would be done without a change of abode .
13 : 14 For here have we no continuing city , but we seek one to come .
" I have heard it asserted ," said John Knightley , " that the same sort of handwriting often prevails in a family ; and where the same master teaches , it is natural enough .
20 : 37 And when the lad was come to the place of the arrow which Jonathan had shot , Jonathan cried after the lad , and said , Is not the arrow beyond thee ?
So they let his bones alone , with the bones of the prophet that came out of Samaria .
6 : 16 A window shalt thou make to the ark , and in a cubit shalt thou finish it above ; and the door of the ark shalt thou set in the side thereof ; with lower , second , and third stories shalt thou make it .
let thine hand , I pray thee , O LORD my God , be on me , and on my father ' s house ; but not on thy people , that they should be plagued .
30 : 8 Now go , write it before them in a table , and note it in a book , that it may be for the time to come for ever and ever : 30 : 9 That this is a rebellious people , lying children , children that will not hear the law of the LORD : 30 : 10 Which say to the seers , See not ; and to the prophets , Prophesy not unto us right things , speak unto us smooth things , prophesy deceits : 30 : 11 Get you out of the way , turn aside out of the path , cause the Holy One of Israel to cease from before us .
And he gave him his hand ; and he took him up to him into the chariot .
Frank Churchill comes as regularly into my mind !"
She played a great deal better than either of the Miss Musgroves , but having no voice , no knowledge of the harp , and no fond parents , to sit by and fancy themselves delighted , her performance was little thought of , only out of civility , or to refresh the others , as she was well aware .
My poor Charles , who had the finest , most generous spirit in the world , would have divided his last farthing with him ; and I know that his purse was open to him ; I know that he often assisted him ."
15 : 5 And when he had set the brands on fire , he let them go into the standing corn of the Philistines , and burnt up both the shocks , and also the standing corn , with the vineyards and olives .
This will not do .
Margaret ' s sagacity was not always displayed in a way so satisfactory to her sister .
I have thought it all over I assure you , and I can perfectly account for every thing that at first seemed strange to me as well as to you ."
23 : 45 And the righteous men , they shall judge them after the manner of adulteresses , and after the manner of women that shed blood ; because they are adulteresses , and blood is in their hands .
4 : 8 There is one alone , and there is not a second ; yea , he hath neither child nor brother : yet is there no end of all his labour ; neither is his eye satisfied with riches ; neither saith he , For whom do I labour , and bereave my soul of good ?
3 : 11 And I will rebuke the devourer for your sakes , and he shall not destroy the fruits of your ground ; neither shall your vine cast her fruit before the time in the field , saith the LORD of hosts .
He had , probably , never heard , and never thought of any claims of Charles Hayter .
Will that do ?
They will have their barouche - landau , of course , which holds four perfectly ; and therefore , without saying any thing of _our_ carriage , we should be able to explore the different beauties extremely well .
Her astonishment at what she heard was at first too great for words ; but at length forcing herself to speak , and to speak cautiously , she said , with calmness of manner , which tolerably well concealed her surprise and solicitude -- " May I ask if your engagement is of long standing ?"
9 : 8 Which alone spreadeth out the heavens , and treadeth upon the waves of the sea .
4 : 17 From that time Jesus began to preach , and to say , Repent : for the kingdom of heaven is at hand .
1 : 20 But while he thought on these things , behold , the angel of the LORD appeared unto him in a dream , saying , Joseph , thou son of David , fear not to take unto thee Mary thy wife : for that which is conceived in her is of the Holy Ghost .
" I feel no sentiment of approbation inferior to love ."
I shall speak a good word for you to all the young men , you may depend upon it ."
15 : 32 And it came to pass , that when David was come to the top of the mount , where he worshipped God , behold , Hushai the Archite came to meet him with his coat rent , and earth upon his head : 15 : 33 Unto whom David said , If thou passest on with me , then thou shalt be a burden unto me : 15 : 34 But if thou return to the city , and say unto Absalom , I will be thy servant , O king ; as I have been thy father ' s servant hitherto , so will I now also be thy servant : then mayest thou for me defeat the counsel of Ahithophel .
Had my brother given me some active profession when I was removed at eighteen from the care of Mr . Pratt , I think -- nay , I am sure , it would never have happened ; for though I left Longstaple with what I thought , at the time , a most unconquerable preference for his niece , yet had I then had any pursuit , any object to engage my time and keep me at a distance from her for a few months , I should very soon have outgrown the fancied attachment , especially by mixing more with the world , as in such case I must have done .
10 : 41 And Jesus answered and said unto her , Martha , Martha , thou art careful and troubled about many things : 10 : 42 But one thing is needful : and Mary hath chosen that good part , which shall not be taken away from her .
He did not believe there was a bolder rider in England !
45 : 4 For Jacob my servant ' s sake , and Israel mine elect , I have even called thee by thy name : I have surnamed thee , though thou hast not known me .
7 : 20 And the sons of Ephraim ; Shuthelah , and Bered his son , and Tahath his son , and Eladah his son , and Tahath his son , 7 : 21 And Zabad his son , and Shuthelah his son , and Ezer , and Elead , whom the men of Gath that were born in that land slew , because they came down to take away their cattle .
11 : 21 For in eating every one taketh before other his own supper : and one is hungry , and another is drunken .
37 : 31 And the remnant that is escaped of the house of Judah shall again take root downward , and bear fruit upward : 37 : 32 For out of Jerusalem shall go forth a remnant , and they that escape out of mount Zion : the zeal of the LORD of hosts shall do this .
From Frank Churchill ' s face , where he thought he saw confusion suppressed or laughed away , he had involuntarily turned to hers ; but she was indeed behind , and too busy with her shawl .
" They come straight from town , as Miss Lucy -- Mrs . Ferrars told me ."
And after thinking it all over and over again , he said , it seemed to him as if , now he had no fortune , and no nothing at all , it would be quite unkind to keep her on to the engagement , because it must be for her loss , for he had nothing but two thousand pounds , and no hope of any thing else ; and if he was to go into orders , as he had some thoughts , he could get nothing but a curacy , and how was they to live upon that ?-- He could not bear to think of her doing no better , and so he begged , if she had the least mind for it , to put an end to the matter directly , and leave him shift for himself .
11 : 4 And it came to pass in process of time , that the children of Ammon made war against Israel .
11 : 2 And he said unto them , When ye pray , say , Our Father which art in heaven , Hallowed be thy name .
" But why should such precaution be used ?-- Though it is not to be supposed that Mrs . Ferrars can have the smallest satisfaction in knowing that her son has money enough to live upon ,-- for THAT must be quite out of the question ; yet why , upon her late behaviour , is she supposed to feel at all ?-- She has done with her son , she cast him off for ever , and has made all those over whom she had any influence , cast him off likewise .
Elizabeth was , in fact , revolving a great measure .
She knew that when she played she was giving pleasure only to herself ; but this was no new sensation .
12 : 22 Lying lips are abomination to the LORD : but they that deal truly are his delight .
Miss Harriet Smith may not find offers of marriage flow in so fast , though she is a very pretty girl .
21 : 3 And the children of Israel gave unto the Levites out of their inheritance , at the commandment of the LORD , these cities and their suburbs .
9 : 21 For the king ' s ships went to Tarshish with the servants of Huram : every three years once came the ships of Tarshish bringing gold , and silver , ivory , and apes , and peacocks .
But I would not wish you to take the trouble of making any inquiries at present ."
13 : 10 And the woman made haste , and ran , and shewed her husband , and said unto him , Behold , the man hath appeared unto me , that came unto me the other day .
22 : 14 And it was revealed in mine ears by the LORD of hosts , Surely this iniquity shall not be purged from you till ye die , saith the Lord GOD of hosts .
35 : 14 Although thou sayest thou shalt not see him , yet judgment is before him ; therefore trust thou in him .
27 : 31 And if a man will at all redeem ought of his tithes , he shall add thereto the fifth part thereof .
If _we_ exert ourselves , I think we shall not be long in want of allies .
" I do not know .
3 : 9 The Lord is not slack concerning his promise , as some men count slackness ; but is longsuffering to us - ward , not willing that any should perish , but that all should come to repentance .
" That I can easily believe ."
" You have heard , I suppose ," said he with great solemnity , as soon as he was seated , " of the very shocking discovery that took place under our roof yesterday ."
7 : 10 Then she that is mine enemy shall see it , and shame shall cover her which said unto me , Where is the LORD thy God ?
4 : 41 And devils also came out of many , crying out , and saying , Thou art Christ the Son of God .
26 : 10 And ye shall eat old store , and bring forth the old because of the new .
31 : 22 And it was told Laban on the third day that Jacob was fled .
32 : 10 Many days and years shall ye be troubled , ye careless women : for the vintage shall fail , the gathering shall not come .
6 : 22 The light of the body is the eye : if therefore thine eye be single , thy whole body shall be full of light .
25 : 17 Then Amaziah king of Judah took advice , and sent to Joash , the son of Jehoahaz , the son of Jehu , king of Israel , saying , Come , let us see one another in the face .
mine heart is turned within me , my repentings are kindled together .
let him alone , and let him curse ; for the LORD hath bidden him .
He and Mrs . Weston were both dreadfully desponding .
9 : 9 They have deeply corrupted themselves , as in the days of Gibeah : therefore he will remember their iniquity , he will visit their sins .
36 : 14 Therefore all the princes sent Jehudi the son of Nethaniah , the son of Shelemiah , the son of Cushi , unto Baruch , saying , Take in thine hand the roll wherein thou hast read in the ears of the people , and come .
19 : 12 And ye shall not swear by my name falsely , neither shalt thou profane the name of thy God : I am the LORD .
4 : 5 And the sons of Rimmon the Beerothite , Rechab and Baanah , went , and came about the heat of the day to the house of Ishbosheth , who lay on a bed at noon .
13 : 10 But when that which is perfect is come , then that which is in part shall be done away .
go down , and be thou laid with the uncircumcised .
8 : 56 And her parents were astonished : but he charged them that they should tell no man what was done .
119 : 9 Wherewithal shall a young man cleanse his way ?
11 : 37 And some of them said , Could not this man , which opened the eyes of the blind , have caused that even this man should not have died ?
35 : 18 And Jeremiah said unto the house of the Rechabites , Thus saith the LORD of hosts , the God of Israel ; Because ye have obeyed the commandment of Jonadab your father , and kept all his precepts , and done according unto all that he hath commanded you : 35 : 19 Therefore thus saith the LORD of hosts , the God of Israel ; Jonadab the son of Rechab shall not want a man to stand before me for ever .
So didst thou get thee a name , as it is this day .
9 : 15 And king Solomon made two hundred targets of beaten gold : six hundred shekels of beaten gold went to one target .
18 : 16 And Zadok the son of Ahitub , and Abimelech the son of Abiathar , were the priests ; and Shavsha was scribe ; 18 : 17 And Benaiah the son of Jehoiada was over the Cherethites and the Pelethites ; and the sons of David were chief about the king .
Sometimes he won ' t speak to me for half a day together , and then he comes out with something so droll -- all about any thing in the world ."
No other visitor appeared that evening , and the ladies were unanimous in agreeing to go early to bed .
75 : 7 But God is the judge : he putteth down one , and setteth up another .
14 : 26 How is it then , brethren ?
She would take place of me then , and Henrietta would not dislike that .
12 : 11 I am become a fool in glorying ; ye have compelled me : for I ought to have been commended of you : for in nothing am I behind the very chiefest apostles , though I be nothing .
' But how can it be done ?'
After attending Louisa through her business , and loitering about a little longer , they returned to the inn ; and Anne , in passing afterwards quickly from her own chamber to their dining - room , had nearly run against the very same gentleman , as he came out of an adjoining apartment .
But I dare say you will go for all that .
13 : 24 But in those days , after that tribulation , the sun shall be darkened , and the moon shall not give her light , 13 : 25 And the stars of heaven shall fall , and the powers that are in heaven shall be shaken .
Marianne assented most feelingly to the remark ; and her mother was led by it to an enumeration of Colonel Brandon ' s injuries and merits , warm as friendship and design could unitedly dictate .
9 : 27 And as they were going down to the end of the city , Samuel said to Saul , Bid the servant pass on before us , ( and he passed on ), but stand thou still a while , that I may shew thee the word of God .
I have three unanswerable reasons for disliking Colonel Brandon ; he threatened me with rain when I wanted it to be fine ; he has found fault with the hanging of my curricle , and I cannot persuade him to buy my brown mare .
" But it is proved by the smallness of the school , which I have heard you speak of , as under the patronage of your sister and Mrs . Bragge ; the only school , and not more than five - and - twenty children ."
When they stopped at the door , Mrs . Jennings recollected that there was a lady at the other end of the street on whom she ought to call ; and as she had no business at Gray ' s , it was resolved , that while her young friends transacted their ' s , she should pay her visit and return for them .
9 : 3 And when the inhabitants of Gibeon heard what Joshua had done unto Jericho and to Ai , 9 : 4 They did work wilily , and went and made as if they had been ambassadors , and took old sacks upon their asses , and wine bottles , old , and rent , and bound up ; 9 : 5 And old shoes and clouted upon their feet , and old garments upon them ; and all the bread of their provision was dry and mouldy .
" True ," said Anne , " very true ; I did not recollect ; but what shall we say now , Captain Harville ?
4 : 7 All my state shall Tychicus declare unto you , who is a beloved brother , and a faithful minister and fellowservant in the Lord : 4 : 8 Whom I have sent unto you for the same purpose , that he might know your estate , and comfort your hearts ; 4 : 9 With Onesimus , a faithful and beloved brother , who is one of you .
13 : 20 And after that he gave unto them judges about the space of four hundred and fifty years , until Samuel the prophet .
8 : 36 But he that sinneth against me wrongeth his own soul : all they that hate me love death .
19 : 9 Out of the portion of the children of Judah was the inheritance of the children of Simeon : for the part of the children of Judah was too much for them : therefore the children of Simeon had their inheritance within the inheritance of them .
how long shall I suffer you ?
7 : 2 As a servant earnestly desireth the shadow , and as an hireling looketh for the reward of his work : 7 : 3 So am I made to possess months of vanity , and wearisome nights are appointed to me .
3 : 5 And the people shall be oppressed , every one by another , and every one by his neighbour : the child shall behave himself proudly against the ancient , and the base against the honourable .
I shall not be far off , if you want me ."
31 : 11 For this is an heinous crime ; yea , it is an iniquity to be punished by the judges .
Marianne was spared from the troublesome feelings of contempt and resentment , on this impertinent examination of their features , and on the puppyism of his manner in deciding on all the different horrors of the different toothpick - cases presented to his inspection , by remaining unconscious of it all ; for she was as well able to collect her thoughts within herself , and be as ignorant of what was passing around her , in Mr . Gray ' s shop , as in her own bedroom .
122 : 2 Our feet shall stand within thy gates , O Jerusalem .
6 : 71 Unto the sons of Gershom were given out of the family of the half tribe of Manasseh , Golan in Bashan with her suburbs , and Ashtaroth with her suburbs : 6 : 72 And out of the tribe of Issachar ; Kedesh with her suburbs , Daberath with her suburbs , 6 : 73 And Ramoth with her suburbs , and Anem with her suburbs : 6 : 74 And out of the tribe of Asher ; Mashal with her suburbs , and Abdon with her suburbs , 6 : 75 And Hukok with her suburbs , and Rehob with her suburbs : 6 : 76 And out of the tribe of Naphtali ; Kedesh in Galilee with her suburbs , and Hammon with her suburbs , and Kirjathaim with her suburbs .
14 : 5 And it came to pass , as soon as the kingdom was confirmed in his hand , that he slew his servants which had slain the king his father .
6 : 12 And Joshua rose early in the morning , and the priests took up the ark of the LORD .
3 : 9 And it came to pass through the lightness of her whoredom , that she defiled the land , and committed adultery with stones and with stocks .
" But that was only the effect of the suddenness of your alarm -- of the shock .
2 : 15 Study to shew thyself approved unto God , a workman that needeth not to be ashamed , rightly dividing the word of truth .
And Athaliah did reign over the land .
3 : 8 Bring forth therefore fruits worthy of repentance , and begin not to say within yourselves , We have Abraham to our father : for I say unto you , That God is able of these stones to raise up children unto Abraham .
18 : 27 And Micaiah said , If thou certainly return in peace , then hath not the LORD spoken by me .
15 : 17 And Samuel said , When thou wast little in thine own sight , wast thou not made the head of the tribes of Israel , and the LORD anointed thee king over Israel ?
24 : 61 And Rebekah arose , and her damsels , and they rode upon the camels , and followed the man : and the servant took Rebekah , and went his way .
16 : 21 A woman when she is in travail hath sorrow , because her hour is come : but as soon as she is delivered of the child , she remembereth no more the anguish , for joy that a man is born into the world .
This is what we all feel .
Captain Wentworth recollected him perfectly .
Sometimes Mr . Elton predominated , sometimes the Martins ; and each was occasionally useful as a check to the other .
O virgin know ' st thou not our steeds drink of the golden springs Where Luvah doth renew his horses : lookst thou on my youth .
17 : 5 Therefore the LORD stablished the kingdom in his hand ; and all Judah brought to Jehoshaphat presents ; and he had riches and honour in abundance .
Has Emma read it all ?
The belief of being prudent , and self - denying , principally for his advantage , was her chief consolation , under the misery of a parting , a final parting ; and every consolation was required , for she had to encounter all the additional pain of opinions , on his side , totally unconvinced and unbending , and of his feeling himself ill used by so forced a relinquishment .
And Naomi said unto her , The man is near of kin unto us , one of our next kinsmen .
9 : 8 And God spake unto Noah , and to his sons with him , saying , 9 : 9 And I , behold , I establish my covenant with you , and with your seed after you ; 9 : 10 And with every living creature that is with you , of the fowl , of the cattle , and of every beast of the earth with you ; from all that go out of the ark , to every beast of the earth .
In a few minutes they could distinguish him to be a gentleman ; and in a moment afterwards Marianne rapturously exclaimed ,
I think him every thing that is worthy and amiable ."
12 : 20 He removeth away the speech of the trusty , and taketh away the understanding of the aged .
said Emma , laughing .
19 : 18 And he said unto him , We are passing from Bethlehemjudah toward the side of mount Ephraim ; from thence am I : and I went to Bethlehemjudah , but I am now going to the house of the LORD ; and there is no man that receiveth me to house .
" Certainly I could have none .
Few women could think more of their personal appearance than he did , nor could the valet of any new made lord be more delighted with the place he held in society .
16 : 13 And on the sabbath we went out of the city by a river side , where prayer was wont to be made ; and we sat down , and spake unto the women which resorted thither .
for there is no bread , neither is there any water ; and our soul loatheth this light bread .
3 : 23 And Jesus himself began to be about thirty years of age , being ( as was supposed ) the son of Joseph , which was the son of Heli , 3 : 24 Which was the son of Matthat , which was the son of Levi , which was the son of Melchi , which was the son of Janna , which was the son of Joseph , 3 : 25 Which was the son of Mattathias , which was the son of Amos , which was the son of Naum , which was the son of Esli , which was the son of Nagge , 3 : 26 Which was the son of Maath , which was the son of Mattathias , which was the son of Semei , which was the son of Joseph , which was the son of Juda , 3 : 27 Which was the son of Joanna , which was the son of Rhesa , which was the son of Zorobabel , which was the son of Salathiel , which was the son of Neri , 3 : 28 Which was the son of Melchi , which was the son of Addi , which was the son of Cosam , which was the son of Elmodam , which was the son of Er , 3 : 29 Which was the son of Jose , which was the son of Eliezer , which was the son of Jorim , which was the son of Matthat , which was the son of Levi , 3 : 30 Which was the son of Simeon , which was the son of Juda , which was the son of Joseph , which was the son of Jonan , which was the son of Eliakim , 3 : 31 Which was the son of Melea , which was the son of Menan , which was the son of Mattatha , which was the son of Nathan , which was the son of David , 3 : 32 Which was the son of Jesse , which was the son of Obed , which was the son of Booz , which was the son of Salmon , which was the son of Naasson , 3 : 33 Which was the son of Aminadab , which was the son of Aram , which was the son of Esrom , which was the son of Phares , which was the son of Juda , 3 : 34 Which was the son of Jacob , which was the son of Isaac , which was the son of Abraham , which was the son of Thara , which was the son of Nachor , 3 : 35 Which was the son of Saruch , which was the son of Ragau , which was the son of Phalec , which was the son of Heber , which was the son of Sala , 3 : 36 Which was the son of Cainan , which was the son of Arphaxad , which was the son of Sem , which was the son of Noe , which was the son of Lamech , 3 : 37 Which was the son of Mathusala , which was the son of Enoch , which was the son of Jared , which was the son of Maleleel , which was the son of Cainan , 3 : 38 Which was the son of Enos , which was the son of Seth , which was the son of Adam , which was the son of God .
This is a deceiver and an antichrist .
32 : 10 Yea , I will make many people amazed at thee , and their kings shall be horribly afraid for thee , when I shall brandish my sword before them ; and they shall tremble at every moment , every man for his own life , in the day of thy fall .
3 : 21 Is the law then against the promises of God ?
Acquit me here , and procure for me , when it is allowable , the acquittal and good wishes of that said Emma Woodhouse , whom I regard with so much brotherly affection , as to long to have her as deeply and as happily in love as myself .-- Whatever strange things I said or did during that fortnight , you have now a key to .
did he ever strive against Israel , or did he ever fight against them , 11 : 26 While Israel dwelt in Heshbon and her towns , and in Aroer and her towns , and in all the cities that be along by the coasts of Arnon , three hundred years ?
2 : 22 And Segub begat Jair , who had three and twenty cities in the land of Gilead .
Sir Walter spurned the idea of its being offered in any manner ; forbad the slightest hint being dropped of his having such an intention ; and it was only on the supposition of his being spontaneously solicited by some most unexceptionable applicant , on his own terms , and as a great favour , that he would let it at all .
And they compassed him in , and laid wait for him all night in the gate of the city , and were quiet all the night , saying , In the morning , when it is day , we shall kill him .
3 : 5 And when Haman saw that Mordecai bowed not , nor did him reverence , then was Haman full of wrath .
15 : 18 The woman also with whom man shall lie with seed of copulation , they shall both bathe themselves in water , and be unclean until the even .
7 : 13 And the woman which hath an husband that believeth not , and if he be pleased to dwell with her , let her not leave him .
18 : 31 And , behold , Cushi came ; and Cushi said , Tidings , my lord the king : for the LORD hath avenged thee this day of all them that rose up against thee .
31 : 21 So he fled with all that he had ; and he rose up , and passed over the river , and set his face toward the mount Gilead .
She hoped , on turning her head , to see the master of the house ; but it proved to be one much less calculated for making matters easy -- Charles Hayter , probably not at all better pleased by the sight of Captain Wentworth than Captain Wentworth had been by the sight of Anne .
30 : 4 And the sword shall come upon Egypt , and great pain shall be in Ethiopia , when the slain shall fall in Egypt , and they shall take away her multitude , and her foundations shall be broken down .
36 : 40 And these are the names of the dukes that came of Esau , according to their families , after their places , by their names ; duke Timnah , duke Alvah , duke Jetheth , 36 : 41 Duke Aholibamah , duke Elah , duke Pinon , 36 : 42 Duke Kenaz , duke Teman , duke Mibzar , 36 : 43 Duke Magdiel , duke Iram : these be the dukes of Edom , according to their habitations in the land of their possession : he is Esau the father of the Edomites .
But then again , the dread of having been too civil , too encouraging herself , probably came over her , for she presently added ,
119 : 162 I rejoice at thy word , as one that findeth great spoil .
10 : 23 Then called he them in , and lodged them .
Nothing was wanting on Mrs . Palmer ' s side that constant and friendly good humour could do , to make them feel themselves welcome .
Their intended excursion to Whitwell turned out very different from what Elinor had expected .
Her parting look was grateful -- and her parting words , " Oh !
" I think they will neither of them do the other any good ."
Amongst them were Sir John and Lady Middleton and Mrs . Jennings , but there were two others , a gentleman and lady , who were quite unknown to her .
6 : 14 Thou shalt eat , but not be satisfied ; and thy casting down shall be in the midst of thee ; and thou shalt take hold , but shalt not deliver ; and that which thou deliverest will I give up to the sword .
6 : 63 Unto the sons of Merari were given by lot , throughout their families , out of the tribe of Reuben , and out of the tribe of Gad , and out of the tribe of Zebulun , twelve cities .
Then the lords of the Philistines came up unto her , and brought money in their hand .
The night following this affair -- I was to go the next morning -- was spent by me in deliberating on what my future conduct should be .
Do not imagine me in danger of forgetting it ."
2 : 9 Therefore have I also made you contemptible and base before all the people , according as ye have not kept my ways , but have been partial in the law .
19 : 22 Pilate answered , What I have written I have written .
now if thou didst receive it , why dost thou glory , as if thou hadst not received it ?
21 : 32 Thus they made a covenant at Beersheba : then Abimelech rose up , and Phichol the chief captain of his host , and they returned into the land of the Philistines .
19 : 12 His troops come together , and raise up their way against me , and encamp round about my tabernacle .
A piece of paper was found on the table this morning --( dropt , we suppose , by a fairy )-- containing a very pretty charade , and we have just copied it in ."
My feelings are at present in a state of dreadful indecision ; I wish to acquit you , but certainty on either side will be ease to what I now suffer .
Amen .
Wingfield thinks the vicinity of Brunswick Square decidedly the most favourable as to air ."
" I rather hope to satisfy you both ," said Emma , " for I shall do all in my power to make them happy , which will be enough for Isabella ; and happiness must preclude false indulgence and physic ."
16 : 27 Then he said , I pray thee therefore , father , that thou wouldest send him to my father ' s house : 16 : 28 For I have five brethren ; that he may testify unto them , lest they also come into this place of torment .
And his young man thrust him through , and he died .
" What do you say to Mrs .
how Charlotte and I did stuff the only time we were there !
12 : 26 If any man serve me , let him follow me ; and where I am , there shall also my servant be : if any man serve me , him will my Father honour .
2 : 4 No man that warreth entangleth himself with the affairs of this life ; that he may please him who hath chosen him to be a soldier .
9 : 2 For they have taken of their daughters for themselves , and for their sons : so that the holy seed have mingled themselves with the people of those lands : yea , the hand of the princes and rulers hath been chief in this trespass .
5 : 24 Therefore as the fire devoureth the stubble , and the flame consumeth the chaff , so their root shall be as rottenness , and their blossom shall go up as dust : because they have cast away the law of the LORD of hosts , and despised the word of the Holy One of Israel .
But he laughed so heartily at the recollection , that Emma could not help saying ,
" But what are his manners on more intimate acquaintance ?
57 : 10 Thou art wearied in the greatness of thy way ; yet saidst thou not , There is no hope : thou hast found the life of thine hand ; therefore thou wast not grieved .
15 : 12 Thou stretchedst out thy right hand , the earth swallowed them .
6 : 10 Yet a little sleep , a little slumber , a little folding of the hands to sleep : 6 : 11 So shall thy poverty come as one that travelleth , and thy want as an armed man .
Elinor made no answer .
Selah .
2 : 11 Let the woman learn in silence with all subjection .
In the present instance , it was sickness and poverty together which she came to visit ; and after remaining there as long as she could give comfort or advice , she quitted the cottage with such an impression of the scene as made her say to Harriet , as they walked away ,
Anne had soon been in company with all the four together often enough to have an opinion , though too wise to acknowledge as much at home , where she knew it would have satisfied neither husband nor wife ; for while she considered Louisa to be rather the favourite , she could not but think , as far as she might dare to judge from memory and experience , that Captain Wentworth was not in love with either .
thou shalt then say unto them , What burden ?
14 : 18 For he that in these things serveth Christ is acceptable to God , and approved of men .
23 : 18 Thou shalt not bring the hire of a whore , or the price of a dog , into the house of the LORD thy God for any vow : for even both these are abomination unto the LORD thy God .
1 : 1 The proverbs of Solomon the son of David , king of Israel ; 1 : 2 To know wisdom and instruction ; to perceive the words of understanding ; 1 : 3 To receive the instruction of wisdom , justice , and judgment , and equity ; 1 : 4 To give subtilty to the simple , to the young man knowledge and discretion .
11 : 35 And it came to pass , when he saw her , that he rent his clothes , and said , Alas , my daughter !
89 : 39 Thou hast made void the covenant of thy servant : thou hast profaned his crown by casting it to the ground .
The change was indubitable .
7 : 37 This is the law of the burnt offering , of the meat offering , and of the sin offering , and of the trespass offering , and of the consecrations , and of the sacrifice of the peace offerings ; 7 : 38 Which the LORD commanded Moses in mount Sinai , in the day that he commanded the children of Israel to offer their oblations unto the LORD , in the wilderness of Sinai .
28 : 11 Then said the woman , Whom shall I bring up unto thee ?
1 : 61 And they said unto her , There is none of thy kindred that is called by this name .
Would not Mr . Knightley shew them the gardens -- all the gardens ?-- She wished to see the whole extent ."
18 : 27 Wherefore David arose and went , he and his men , and slew of the Philistines two hundred men ; and David brought their foreskins , and they gave them in full tale to the king , that he might be the king ' s son in law .
7 : 27 But he that did his neighbour wrong thrust him away , saying , Who made thee a ruler and a judge over us ?
6 : 7 Therefore said he , Take it up to thee .
He is the very best young man -- But , my dear Jane , if you remember , I told you yesterday he was precisely the height of Mr . Perry .
4 : 7 And upon the table of shewbread they shall spread a cloth of blue , and put thereon the dishes , and the spoons , and the bowls , and covers to cover withal : and the continual bread shall be thereon : 4 : 8 And they shall spread upon them a cloth of scarlet , and cover the same with a covering of badgers ' skins , and shall put in the staves thereof .
102 : 28 The children of thy servants shall continue , and their seed shall be established before thee .
19 : 1 Then Job answered and said , 19 : 2 How long will ye vex my soul , and break me in pieces with words ?
Elinor watched his countenance and saw its expression becoming more tranquil .
I grant you , that any of them but Charles would be a very shocking match for Henrietta , and indeed it could not be ; he is the only one that could be possible ; but he is a very good - natured , good sort of a fellow ; and whenever Winthrop comes into his hands , he will make a different sort of place of it , and live in a very different sort of way ; and with that property , he will never be a contemptible man -- good , freehold property .
19 : 8 He saith unto them , Moses because of the hardness of your hearts suffered you to put away your wives : but from the beginning it was not so .
35 : 1 Elihu spake moreover , and said , 35 : 2 Thinkest thou this to be right , that thou saidst , My righteousness is more than God ' s ?
10 : 31 It is a fearful thing to fall into the hands of the living God .
22 : 20 Behold therefore , I will gather thee unto thy fathers , and thou shalt be gathered into thy grave in peace ; and thine eyes shall not see all the evil which I will bring upon this place .
The truth is , Harriet , that my playing is just good enough to be praised , but Jane Fairfax ' s is much beyond it ."
42 : 15 I will make waste mountains and hills , and dry up all their herbs ; and I will make the rivers islands , and I will dry up the pools .
what a boat it is !"
And he went out from Pharaoh in a great anger .
29 : 15 And Laban said unto Jacob , Because thou art my brother , shouldest thou therefore serve me for nought ?
She turned her eyes towards his face , and found him with some surprise to be her brother .
11 : 25 And when ye stand praying , forgive , if ye have ought against any : that your Father also which is in heaven may forgive you your trespasses .
15 : 7 After that , he was seen of James ; then of all the apostles .
9 : 8 And they said unto Joshua , We are thy servants .
Mr Elliot , raised by his marriage to great affluence , and disposed to every gratification of pleasure and vanity which could be commanded without involving himself , ( for with all his self - indulgence he had become a prudent man ), and beginning to be rich , just as his friend ought to have found himself to be poor , seemed to have had no concern at all for that friend ' s probable finances , but , on the contrary , had been prompting and encouraging expenses which could end only in ruin ; and the Smiths accordingly had been ruined .
Marianne began now to perceive that the desperation which had seized her at sixteen and a half , of ever seeing a man who could satisfy her ideas of perfection , had been rash and unjustifiable .
I was to decide on the best of them .
23 : 4 Then said Pilate to the chief priests and to the people , I find no fault in this man .
And he said , As the LORD liveth , there shall not one hair of thy son fall to the earth .
10 : 17 Then the children of Ammon were gathered together , and encamped in Gilead .
27 : 5 And Rebekah heard when Isaac spake to Esau his son .
" No , not at Randalls ; I have not been near Randalls ," when the door was thrown open , and Miss Bates and Miss Fairfax walked into the room .
7 : 3 Bind them upon thy fingers , write them upon the table of thine heart .
that we may seek him with thee .
I certainly get better and better .-- Now for it ."
Did you never hear him talk of Mr .
5 : 17 Thou shalt not kill .
" Lord !
12 : 9 And Abram journeyed , going on still toward the south .
11 : 14 And Salah lived thirty years , and begat Eber : 11 : 15 And Salah lived after he begat Eber four hundred and three years , and begat sons and daughters .
2 : 1 I exhort therefore , that , first of all , supplications , prayers , intercessions , and giving of thanks , be made for all men ; 2 : 2 For kings , and for all that are in authority ; that we may lead a quiet and peaceable life in all godliness and honesty .
The surprise of finding himself almost alone with Anne Elliot , deprived his manners of their usual composure : he started , and could only say , " I thought the Miss Musgroves had been here : Mrs Musgrove told me I should find them here ," before he walked to the window to recollect himself , and feel how he ought to behave .
" Your expenses both in town and country must certainly be considerable ; but your income is a large one ."
or what shall be done unto thee , thou false tongue ?
poor fellow !-- sad business for him .-- She was extremely concerned ; for , though very eccentric , he had a thousand good qualities .-- How could he be so taken in ?-- Did not think him at all in love -- not in the least .-- Poor Knightley !-- There would be an end of all pleasant intercourse with him .-- How happy he had been to come and dine with them whenever they asked him !
How was such jealousy to be quieted ?
26 : 3 And Moses and Eleazar the priest spake with them in the plains of Moab by Jordan near Jericho , saying , 26 : 4 Take the sum of the people , from twenty years old and upward ; as the LORD commanded Moses and the children of Israel , which went forth out of the land of Egypt .
Where did you hear it ?"
Now she hoped for some beneficial change ; and , after a period of nothing - saying amongst the party , some of them did decide on going in quest of tea .
It was now some time since Miss Taylor had begun to influence his schemes ; but as it was not the tyrannic influence of youth on youth , it had not shaken his determination of never settling till he could purchase Randalls , and the sale of Randalls was long looked forward to ; but he had gone steadily on , with these objects in view , till they were accomplished .
Emma was silenced .
10 : 19 Having therefore , brethren , boldness to enter into the holiest by the blood of Jesus , 10 : 20 By a new and living way , which he hath consecrated for us , through the veil , that is to say , his flesh ; 10 : 21 And having an high priest over the house of God ; 10 : 22 Let us draw near with a true heart in full assurance of faith , having our hearts sprinkled from an evil conscience , and our bodies washed with pure water .
23 : 3 And David ' s men said unto him , Behold , we be afraid here in Judah : how much more then if we come to Keilah against the armies of the Philistines ?
50 : 9 Behold , the Lord GOD will help me ; who is he that shall condemn me ?
15 : 13 And they spake unto him , saying , No ; but we will bind thee fast , and deliver thee into their hand : but surely we will not kill thee .
13 : 33 Now therefore let not my lord the king take the thing to his heart , to think that all the king ' s sons are dead : for Amnon only is dead .
She was quite in an agony .
there is none good but one , that is , God .
16 : 5 But now I go my way to him that sent me ; and none of you asketh me , Whither goest thou ?
2 : 17 Yea , and if I be offered upon the sacrifice and service of your faith , I joy , and rejoice with you all .
And his mother ' s name was Maachah , the daughter of Abishalom .
16 : 29 And in the thirty and eighth year of Asa king of Judah began Ahab the son of Omri to reign over Israel : and Ahab the son of Omri reigned over Israel in Samaria twenty and two years .
Mrs . Dixon , I understand , has no remarkable degree of personal beauty ; is not , by any means , to be compared with Miss Fairfax ."
37 : 12 Have the gods of the nations delivered them which my fathers have destroyed , as Gozan , and Haran , and Rezeph , and the children of Eden which were in Telassar ?
29 : 12 If a ruler hearken to lies , all his servants are wicked .
17 : 16 Now while Paul waited for them at Athens , his spirit was stirred in him , when he saw the city wholly given to idolatry .
8 : 22 For we know that the whole creation groaneth and travaileth in pain together until now .
28 : 31 Thine ox shall be slain before thine eyes , and thou shalt not eat thereof : thine ass shall be violently taken away from before thy face , and shall not be restored to thee : thy sheep shall be given unto thine enemies , and thou shalt have none to rescue them .
The bread which we break , is it not the communion of the body of Christ ?
28 : 2 Arise , go to Padanaram , to the house of Bethuel thy mother ' s father ; and take thee a wife from thence of the daughers of Laban thy mother ' s brother .
20 : 8 Therefore thou shalt deal kindly with thy servant ; for thou hast brought thy servant into a covenant of the LORD with thee : notwithstanding , if there be in me iniquity , slay me thyself ; for why shouldest thou bring me to thy father ?
We have cleared away all the old thorns that grew in patches over the brow ."
37 : 30 The mouth of the righteous speaketh wisdom , and his tongue talketh of judgment .
I found Harriet more conversable than I expected ."
14 : 54 And Peter followed him afar off , even into the palace of the high priest : and he sat with the servants , and warmed himself at the fire .
7 : 13 And he said , Hear ye now , O house of David ; Is it a small thing for you to weary men , but will ye weary my God also ?
or what likeness will ye compare unto him ?
26 : 22 And for the sides of the tabernacle westward thou shalt make six boards .
" No , indeed you are mistaken ."
11 : 7 And two parts of all you that go forth on the sabbath , even they shall keep the watch of the house of the LORD about the king .
Do let me hear a word about the expense of it ."
How very differently we feel !-- Not think they will do each other any good !
8 : 2 I counsel thee to keep the king ' s commandment , and that in regard of the oath of God .
But I will shew her greater attention than I have done ."
3 : 3 But thou , O LORD , art a shield for me ; my glory , and the lifter up of mine head .
2 : 1 He that dasheth in pieces is come up before thy face : keep the munition , watch the way , make thy loins strong , fortify thy power mightily .
" Follow me ," he said ; " Weep not for the maid ; In my palace deep , Lyca lies asleep ."
He would mention no names now ; but such , he could assure her , had been the fact .
Here are pretty girls enough , I am sure .
27 : 8 And thou shalt speak unto the children of Israel , saying , If a man die , and have no son , then ye shall cause his inheritance to pass unto his daughter .
The remaining five were left to their own powers , and Emma doubted their getting on very well ; for Mr . Knightley seemed little disposed for conversation ; Mrs . Elton was wanting notice , which nobody had inclination to pay , and she was herself in a worry of spirits which would have made her prefer being silent .
3 : 2 Beloved , now are we the sons of God , and it doth not yet appear what we shall be : but we know that , when he shall appear , we shall be like him ; for we shall see him as he is .
Mr . Elton must now be left to himself .
And how you will explain away any part of your guilt in that dreadful business , I confess is beyond my comprehension ."
9 : 23 These were the chief of the officers that were over Solomon ' s work , five hundred and fifty , which bare rule over the people that wrought in the work .
" I am very glad you did , and that you communicated it to me .
40 : 9 Hast thou an arm like God ?
4 : 33 And he shall lay his hand upon the head of the sin offering , and slay it for a sin offering in the place where they kill the burnt offering .
7 : 10 And the princes offered for dedicating of the altar in the day that it was anointed , even the princes offered their offering before the altar .
was Mr . Woodhouse ' s first exclamation , and all that he could say for some time .
1 : 17 And God set them in the firmament of the heaven to give light upon the earth , 1 : 18 And to rule over the day and over the night , and to divide the light from the darkness : and God saw that it was good .
41 : 1 Canst thou draw out leviathan with an hook ?
Elinor tried very seriously to convince him that there was no likelihood of her marrying Colonel Brandon ; but it was an expectation of too much pleasure to himself to be relinquished , and he was really resolved on seeking an intimacy with that gentleman , and promoting the marriage by every possible attention .
2 : 11 Then I looked on all the works that my hands had wrought , and on the labour that I had laboured to do : and , behold , all was vanity and vexation of spirit , and there was no profit under the sun .
21 : 24 And Israel smote him with the edge of the sword , and possessed his land from Arnon unto Jabbok , even unto the children of Ammon : for the border of the children of Ammon was strong .
or lest I be poor , and steal , and take the name of my God in vain .
6 : 4 Thou art beautiful , O my love , as Tirzah , comely as Jerusalem , terrible as an army with banners .
" Impossible !
Do not pity me till I saw her wan , sick looks .-- I reached Highbury at the time of day when , from my knowledge of their late breakfast hour , I was certain of a good chance of finding her alone .-- I was not disappointed ; and at last I was not disappointed either in the object of my journey .
Freckles do not disgust me so very much as they do him .
78 : 71 From following the ewes great with young he brought him to feed Jacob his people , and Israel his inheritance .
18 : 1 Woe to the land shadowing with wings , which is beyond the rivers of Ethiopia : 18 : 2 That sendeth ambassadors by the sea , even in vessels of bulrushes upon the waters , saying , Go , ye swift messengers , to a nation scattered and peeled , to a people terrible from their beginning hitherto ; a nation meted out and trodden down , whose land the rivers have spoiled !
10 : 1 Now the Philistines fought against Israel ; and the men of Israel fled from before the Philistines , and fell down slain in mount Gilboa .
21 : 13 And it shall turn to you for a testimony .
26 : 43 And he came and found them asleep again : for their eyes were heavy .
21 : 17 I will also smite mine hands together , and I will cause my fury to rest : I the LORD have said it .
I assure you the utmost stretch of public fame would not make me amends for the loss of any happiness in private life ."
6 : 12 For the rich men thereof are full of violence , and the inhabitants thereof have spoken lies , and their tongue is deceitful in their mouth .
" Impropriety !
6 : 13 For neither they themselves who are circumcised keep the law ; but desire to have you circumcised , that they may glory in your flesh .
She has abilities , however , as well as affections ; and it is now a doubtful point whether his cunning , or hers , may finally carry the day ; whether , after preventing her from being the wife of Sir Walter , he may not be wheedled and caressed at last into making her the wife of Sir William .
11 : 7 And they brought the colt to Jesus , and cast their garments on him ; and he sat upon him .
Mr . Weston must be between forty and fifty ."
Elinor wanted very much to know , though she did not chuse to ask , whether Edward was then in town ; but nothing would have induced Fanny voluntarily to mention his name before her , till able to tell her that his marriage with Miss Morton was resolved on , or till her husband ' s expectations on Colonel Brandon were answered ; because she believed them still so very much attached to each other , that they could not be too sedulously divided in word and deed on every occasion .
1 : 7 For many deceivers are entered into the world , who confess not that Jesus Christ is come in the flesh .
And Joshua said unto them , Who are ye ?
16 : 1 Preserve me , O God : for in thee do I put my trust .
The day came , the party were punctually assembled , and Mr . John Knightley seemed early to devote himself to the business of being agreeable .
" Mrs . Gilbert does not mean to dance , but there is a young lady disengaged whom I should be very glad to see dancing -- Miss Smith ."
14 : 39 For , as the LORD liveth , which saveth Israel , though it be in Jonathan my son , he shall surely die .
47 : 5 Baldness is come upon Gaza ; Ashkelon is cut off with the remnant of their valley : how long wilt thou cut thyself ?
That his repentance of misconduct , which thus brought its own punishment , was sincere , need not be doubted ;-- nor that he long thought of Colonel Brandon with envy , and of Marianne with regret .
The error has been all my own ; and I do assure you that , with all the excuse that present circumstances may appear to give , I shall yet dread making the story known to Colonel Campbell .'"
The manner , perhaps , may have as little to recommend them .
15 : 13 Thy substance and thy treasures will I give to the spoil without price , and that for all thy sins , even in all thy borders .
He must be gone within a few hours , though without feeling any real alarm for his aunt , to lessen his repugnance .
6 : 34 Then said they unto him , Lord , evermore give us this bread .
24 : 10 And David ' s heart smote him after that he had numbered the people .
Next unto him repaired Hashabiah , the ruler of the half part of Keilah , in his part .
13 : 31 And it came to pass , after he had buried him , that he spake to his sons , saying , When I am dead , then bury me in the sepulchre wherein the man of God is buried ; lay my bones beside his bones : 13 : 32 For the saying which he cried by the word of the LORD against the altar in Bethel , and against all the houses of the high places which are in the cities of Samaria , shall surely come to pass .
" I do not admire it ," said Mr . Knightley .
for they have digged a pit for my soul .
With almost every other man in the world , it would be an alarming prospect ; but Edward ' s affection and constancy nothing can deprive me of I know ."
21 : 21 Then let them which are in Judaea flee to the mountains ; and let them which are in the midst of it depart out ; and let not them that are in the countries enter thereinto .
15 : 22 But the father said to his servants , Bring forth the best robe , and put it on him ; and put a ring on his hand , and shoes on his feet : 15 : 23 And bring hither the fatted calf , and kill it ; and let us eat , and be merry : 15 : 24 For this my son was dead , and is alive again ; he was lost , and is found .
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you .
10 : 36 Which now of these three , thinkest thou , was neighbour unto him that fell among the thieves ?
Are such thing done on Albion ' s shore ?
No , no ; Henrietta might do worse than marry Charles Hayter ; and if she has him , and Louisa can get Captain Wentworth , I shall be very well satisfied ."
6 : 9 And when he had opened the fifth seal , I saw under the altar the souls of them that were slain for the word of God , and for the testimony which they held : 6 : 10 And they cried with a loud voice , saying , How long , O Lord , holy and true , dost thou not judge and avenge our blood on them that dwell on the earth ?
The bare possibility of it acted as a farther irritation on her spirits ; and her being left in solitary grandeur , even supposing the omission to be intended as a compliment , was but poor comfort .
Hear the truth , therefore , now , while you are unprejudiced .
5 : 11 Now there was there nigh unto the mountains a great herd of swine feeding .
10 : 19 In the multitude of words there wanteth not sin : but he that refraineth his lips is wise .
Lady Russell had not been arrived five minutes the day before , when a full account of the whole had burst on her ; but still it must be talked of , she must make enquiries , she must regret the imprudence , lament the result , and Captain Wentworth ' s name must be mentioned by both .
" Very beautiful , indeed ," replied Emma ; and she spoke so kindly , that he gratefully burst out ,
And he called them the land of Cabul unto this day .
13 : 15 And he had power to give life unto the image of the beast , that the image of the beast should both speak , and cause that as many as would not worship the image of the beast should be killed .
19 : 35 And he that saw it bare record , and his record is true : and he knoweth that he saith true , that ye might believe .
She dared not look up ;-- but her mother and Marianne both turned their eyes on him .
12 : 28 Therefore say unto them , Thus saith the Lord GOD ; There shall none of my words be prolonged any more , but the word which I have spoken shall be done , saith the Lord GOD .
45 : 4 And in thy majesty ride prosperously because of truth and meekness and righteousness ; and thy right hand shall teach thee terrible things .
25 : 34 Howl , ye shepherds , and cry ; and wallow yourselves in the ashes , ye principal of the flock : for the days of your slaughter and of your dispersions are accomplished ; and ye shall fall like a pleasant vessel .
41 : 16 And Joseph answered Pharaoh , saying , It is not in me : God shall give Pharaoh an answer of peace .
30 : 29 There be three things which go well , yea , four are comely in going : 30 : 30 A lion which is strongest among beasts , and turneth not away for any ; 30 : 31 A greyhound ; an he goat also ; and a king , against whom there is no rising up .
11 : 33 When Jesus therefore saw her weeping , and the Jews also weeping which came with her , he groaned in the spirit , and was troubled .
I am glad you find Mr Elliot so agreeable , and wish I could be acquainted with him too ; but I have my usual luck : I am always out of the way when any thing desirable is going on ; always the last of my family to be noticed .
15 : 19 And Pul the king of Assyria came against the land : and Menahem gave Pul a thousand talents of silver , that his hand might be with him to confirm the kingdom in his hand .
41 : 2 And the breadth of the door was ten cubits ; and the sides of the door were five cubits on the one side , and five cubits on the other side : and he measured the length thereof , forty cubits : and the breadth , twenty cubits .
3 : 1 Do we begin again to commend ourselves ?
therefore is wrath upon thee from before the LORD .
He omitted no opportunity of being with them , threw himself in their way , called at all hours ; but I need not be particular on this subject .
1 : 19 These be they who separate themselves , sensual , having not the Spirit .
" Yes , Sir , a Mr Elliot , a gentleman of large fortune , came in last night from Sidmouth .
Sophy cannot bear them .
who will say unto him , What doest thou ?
47 : 17 And the border from the sea shall be Hazarenan , the border of Damascus , and the north northward , and the border of Hamath .
14 : 2 And the people shall take them , and bring them to their place : and the house of Israel shall possess them in the land of the LORD for servants and handmaids : and they shall take them captives , whose captives they were ; and they shall rule over their oppressors .
23 : 31 Jehoahaz was twenty and three years old when he began to reign ; and he reigned three months in Jerusalem .
" The next time you write to your good father , Miss Elliot , pray give him my compliments and Mrs Croft ' s , and say that we are settled here quite to our liking , and have no fault at all to find with the place .
19 : 5 Now when she saw that she had waited , and her hope was lost , then she took another of her whelps , and made him a young lion .
23 : 15 The sons of Moses were , Gershom , and Eliezer .
29 : 35 On the eighth day ye shall have a solemn assembly : ye shall do no servile work therein : 29 : 36 But ye shall offer a burnt offering , a sacrifice made by fire , of a sweet savour unto the LORD : one bullock , one ram , seven lambs of the first year without blemish : 29 : 37 Their meat offering and their drink offerings for the bullock , for the ram , and for the lambs , shall be according to their number , after the manner : 29 : 38 And one goat for a sin offering ; beside the continual burnt offering , and his meat offering , and his drink offering .
9 : 21 Hath not the potter power over the clay , of the same lump to make one vessel unto honour , and another unto dishonour ?
" Indeed , I am very sorry to be right in this instance .
" No , sir ," she replied with firmness , " I shall NOT stay .
20 : 4 But Abimelech had not come near her : and he said , LORD , wilt thou slay also a righteous nation ?
20 : 38 So the prophet departed , and waited for the king by the way , and disguised himself with ashes upon his face .
108 : 8 Gilead is mine ; Manasseh is mine ; Ephraim also is the strength of mine head ; Judah is my lawgiver ;
However small Elinor ' s general dependence on Lucy ' s veracity might be , it was impossible for her on serious reflection to suspect it in the present case , where no temptation could be answerable to the folly of inventing a falsehood of such a description .
27 : 10 They of Persia and of Lud and of Phut were in thine army , thy men of war : they hanged the shield and helmet in thee ; they set forth thy comeliness .
or with speeches wherewith he can do no good ?
1 : 30 This is he of whom I said , After me cometh a man which is preferred before me : for he was before me .
There is a littleness about him which you discovered , and which I did not : and I was fully convinced of his being in love with Harriet .
Gilbert ."
Marianne turned away in great confusion .
11 : 5 The righteousness of the perfect shall direct his way : but the wicked shall fall by his own wickedness .
1 : 7 And they gave them drink in vessels of gold , ( the vessels being diverse one from another ,) and royal wine in abundance , according to the state of the king .
Which thou dost scatter on every little blade of grass that springs Revives the milked cow , & tames the fire - breathing steed .
16 : 20 All the brethren greet you .
5 : 19 Howbeit Jesus suffered him not , but saith unto him , Go home to thy friends , and tell them how great things the Lord hath done for thee , and hath had compassion on thee .
9 : 15 But I have used none of these things : neither have I written these things , that it should be so done unto me : for it were better for me to die , than that any man should make my glorying void .
" Yes , that he will !"
But I have injured more than herself ; and I have injured one , whose affection for me --( may I say it ?)
-- cried Elinor , more and more at a loss to understand what he would be at .
20 : 19 Then said Hezekiah unto Isaiah , Good is the word of the LORD which thou hast spoken .
8 : 23 And I will put a division between my people and thy people : to morrow shall this sign be .
They had gone , in short -- and very great had been the evident distress and confusion of the lady .
59 : 5 Thou therefore , O LORD God of hosts , the God of Israel , awake to visit all the heathen : be not merciful to any wicked transgressors .
34 : 3 And his soul clave unto Dinah the daughter of Jacob , and he loved the damsel , and spake kindly unto the damsel .
Mutual enquiries on common subjects passed : neither of them , probably , much the wiser for what they heard , and Anne continuing fully sensible of his being less at ease than formerly .
If ever there were people who , without having great wealth themselves , had every thing they could wish for , I am sure it is us .
Perhaps she ought to be ashamed , but Mr . Weston had been almost as uneasy as herself .-- In ten minutes , however , the child had been perfectly well again .
44 : 8 In God we boast all the day long , and praise thy name for ever .
6 : 32 And they ministered before the dwelling place of the tabernacle of the congregation with singing , until Solomon had built the house of the LORD in Jerusalem : and then they waited on their office according to their order .
Did Titus make a gain of you ?
" Jane Fairfax is absolutely charming , Miss Woodhouse .-- I quite rave about Jane Fairfax .-- A sweet , interesting creature .
And Abram hearkened to the voice of Sarai .
26 : 7 So the priests and the prophets and all the people heard Jeremiah speaking these words in the house of the LORD .
but what doth your arguing reprove ?
2 : 14 The wise man ' s eyes are in his head ; but the fool walketh in darkness : and I myself perceived also that one event happeneth to them all .
CHAPTER III
12 : 8 Ye shall not do after all the things that we do here this day , every man whatsoever is right in his own eyes .
You need not tell me that you had a pleasant evening .
41 : 11 But when Johanan the son of Kareah , and all the captains of the forces that were with him , heard of all the evil that Ishmael the son of Nethaniah had done , 41 : 12 Then they took all the men , and went to fight with Ishmael the son of Nethaniah , and found him by the great waters that are in Gibeon .
11 : 7 Then did Solomon build an high place for Chemosh , the abomination of Moab , in the hill that is before Jerusalem , and for Molech , the abomination of the children of Ammon .
3 : 4 Yea , and what have ye to do with me , O Tyre , and Zidon , and all the coasts of Palestine ?
8 : 5 And the waters decreased continually until the tenth month : in the tenth month , on the first day of the month , were the tops of the mountains seen .
58 : 6 Is not this the fast that I have chosen ?
It was not forced on you .
35 : 12 And thou shalt know that I am the LORD , and that I have heard all thy blasphemies which thou hast spoken against the mountains of Israel , saying , They are laid desolate , they are given us to consume .
32 : 18 Of the Rock that begat thee thou art unmindful , and hast forgotten God that formed thee .
2 : 11 For , lo , the winter is past , the rain is over and gone ; 2 : 12 The flowers appear on the earth ; the time of the singing of birds is come , and the voice of the turtle is heard in our land ; 2 : 13 The fig tree putteth forth her green figs , and the vines with the tender grape give a good smell .
118 : 28 Thou art my God , and I will praise thee : thou art my God , I will exalt thee .
We must look to her one fault , and remember that she had done a wrong thing in consenting to the engagement , to bear that she should have been in such a state of punishment ."
28 : 12 But where shall wisdom be found ?
Her heart was not so much at ease , nor her satisfaction in their amusements so pure .
9 : 5 Then the Levites , Jeshua , and Kadmiel , Bani , Hashabniah , Sherebiah , Hodijah , Shebaniah , and Pethahiah , said , Stand up and bless the LORD your God for ever and ever : and blessed be thy glorious name , which is exalted above all blessing and praise .
32 : 7 Then Jacob was greatly afraid and distressed : and he divided the people that was with him , and the flocks , and herds , and the camels , into two bands ; 32 : 8 And said , If Esau come to the one company , and smite it , then the other company which is left shall escape .
when the LORD bringeth back the captivity of his people , Jacob shall rejoice , and Israel shall be glad .
33 : 15 He fashioneth their hearts alike ; he considereth all their works .
32 : 18 Then they cried with a loud voice in the Jews ' speech unto the people of Jerusalem that were on the wall , to affright them , and to trouble them ; that they might take the city .
after whom dost thou pursue ?
" I cannot think there is any danger of it ," was Emma ' s calm answer -- " and when you are better acquainted with Miss Fairfax ' s situation and understand what her home has been , with Colonel and Mrs . Campbell , I have no idea that you will suppose her talents can be unknown ."
19 : 24 But in the fourth year all the fruit thereof shall be holy to praise the LORD withal .
" I wish with all my soul ," cried Sir John , " that Willoughby were among us again ."
21 : 11 For they intended evil against thee : they imagined a mischievous device , which they are not able to perform .
And his name was Mephibosheth .
10 : 12 And now , Israel , what doth the LORD thy God require of thee , but to fear the LORD thy God , to walk in all his ways , and to love him , and to serve the LORD thy God with all thy heart and with all thy soul , 10 : 13 To keep the commandments of the LORD , and his statutes , which I command thee this day for thy good ?
And one said , Behold , they be at Naioth in Ramah .
How could it be ?
2 : 13 The children of Adonikam , six hundred sixty and six .
" Yes , here I am , Sophia , quite ready to make a foolish match .
And he said , I am Joseph your brother , whom ye sold into Egypt .
18 : 2 And there remained among the children of Israel seven tribes , which had not yet received their inheritance .
32 : 5 I acknowledge my sin unto thee , and mine iniquity have I not hid .
But it is very remarkable that she should always hear Jane better than she does me .
37 : 16 And he said , I seek my brethren : tell me , I pray thee , where they feed their flocks .
Every body was punctual , every body in their best looks : not a tear , and hardly a long face to be seen .
how can you talk so ?
Then Solomon sent Benaiah the son of Jehoiada , saying , Go , fall upon him .
And he said , Bring me up Samuel .
Charles laughed again and said , " Now Mary , you know very well how it really was .
9 : 13 If God will not withdraw his anger , the proud helpers do stoop under him .
I do not know what she meant , but she asked me if I thought I should go and stay there again next summer ."
To those who had no resources it was a different thing ; but my resources made me quite independent .
She had been decided in wishing for a Miss Weston .
God shall send forth his mercy and his truth .
23 : 29 Who hath woe ?
18 : 19 And they said unto him , Hold thy peace , lay thine hand upon thy mouth , and go with us , and be to us a father and a priest : is it better for thee to be a priest unto the house of one man , or that thou be a priest unto a tribe and a family in Israel ?
neither have we inheritance in the son of Jesse : to your tents , O Israel : now see to thine own house , David .
Your sister being with you , my love , I have no scruple at all .
Churchill ."
A thousand and a thousand thanks for all the kindness you have ever shewn me , and ten thousand for the attentions your heart will dictate towards her .-- If you think me in a way to be happier than I deserve , I am quite of your opinion .-- Miss W . calls me the child of good fortune .
19 : 7 And Jonathan called David , and Jonathan shewed him all those things .
14 : 12 So the LORD smote the Ethiopians before Asa , and before Judah ; and the Ethiopians fled .
The misfortune of your birth ought to make you particularly careful as to your associates .
22 : 3 All thy rulers are fled together , they are bound by the archers : all that are found in thee are bound together , which have fled from far .
` My dear ,' said I , ` you will blind yourself '-- for tears were in her eyes perpetually .
Mrs . Ferrars is one of the most affectionate mothers in the world ."
1 : 9 Their wings were joined one to another ; they turned not when they went ; they went every one straight forward .
You will never go to Swisserland .
39 : 2 Canst thou number the months that they fulfil ?
43 : 7 So they came into the land of Egypt : for they obeyed not the voice of the LORD : thus came they even to Tahpanhes .
19 : 27 But those mine enemies , which would not that I should reign over them , bring hither , and slay them before me .
7 : 15 And they went after them unto Jordan : and , lo , all the way was full of garments and vessels , which the Syrians had cast away in their haste .
23 : 13 And he spake unto Ephron in the audience of the people of the land , saying , But if thou wilt give it , I pray thee , hear me : I will give thee money for the field ; take it of me , and I will bury my dead there .
48 : 26 Make ye him drunken : for he magnified himself against the LORD : Moab also shall wallow in his vomit , and he also shall be in derision .
Mr . Elton was so hot and tired , that all this wit seemed thrown away .
7 : 3 Then Esther the queen answered and said , If I have found favour in thy sight , O king , and if it please the king , let my life be given me at my petition , and my people at my request : 7 : 4 For we are sold , I and my people , to be destroyed , to be slain , and to perish .
30 : 11 For I am with thee , saith the LORD , to save thee : though I make a full end of all nations whither I have scattered thee , yet I will not make a full end of thee : but I will correct thee in measure , and will not leave thee altogether unpunished .
20 : 21 The matter is not so : but a man of mount Ephraim , Sheba the son of Bichri by name , hath lifted up his hand against the king , even against David : deliver him only , and I will depart from the city .
And they asked him , saying , Is it lawful to heal on the sabbath days ?
LONDON
how shall I set thee as Zeboim ?
Chapter 21
my mother ' s spectacles .
1 : 4 And David said unto him , How went the matter ?
` I am sure you must be ,' said he , ` and I will send you another supply ; for I have a great many more than I can ever use .
140 : 7 O GOD the Lord , the strength of my salvation , thou hast covered my head in the day of battle .
21 : 16 And the LORD spake unto Moses , saying , 21 : 17 Speak unto Aaron , saying , Whosoever he be of thy seed in their generations that hath any blemish , let him not approach to offer the bread of his God .
and to princes , Ye are ungodly ?
Restless and dissatisfied every where , her sister could never obtain her opinion of any article of purchase , however it might equally concern them both : she received no pleasure from anything ; was only impatient to be at home again , and could with difficulty govern her vexation at the tediousness of Mrs . Palmer , whose eye was caught by every thing pretty , expensive , or new ; who was wild to buy all , could determine on none , and dawdled away her time in rapture and indecision .
18 : 7 At what instant I shall speak concerning a nation , and concerning a kingdom , to pluck up , and to pull down , and to destroy it ; 18 : 8 If that nation , against whom I have pronounced , turn from their evil , I will repent of the evil that I thought to do unto them .
They should lose her ; and , probably , in great measure , her husband also .-- Frank Churchill would return among them no more ; and Miss Fairfax , it was reasonable to suppose , would soon cease to belong to Highbury .
" You have , I believe , and know the whole ."
3 : 7 Therefore at that time , when all the people heard the sound of the cornet , flute , harp , sackbut , psaltery , and all kinds of musick , all the people , the nations , and the languages , fell down and worshipped the golden image that Nebuchadnezzar the king had set up .
And his servants said to him , Behold , there is a woman that hath a familiar spirit at Endor .
22 : 8 And the king of Israel said unto Jehoshaphat , There is yet one man , Micaiah the son of Imlah , by whom we may enquire of the LORD : but I hate him ; for he doth not prophesy good concerning me , but evil .
4 : 22 Then ye shall let your children know , saying , Israel came over this Jordan on dry land .
13 : 7 And there are gathered unto him vain men , the children of Belial , and have strengthened themselves against Rehoboam the son of Solomon , when Rehoboam was young and tenderhearted , and could not withstand them .
cried Elinor .
12 : 12 Wherefore lift up the hands which hang down , and the feeble knees ; 12 : 13 And make straight paths for your feet , lest that which is lame be turned out of the way ; but let it rather be healed .
16 : 4 And when they looked , they saw that the stone was rolled away : for it was very great .
35 : 4 Say to them that are of a fearful heart , Be strong , fear not : behold , your God will come with vengeance , even God with a recompence ; he will come and save you .
41 : 6 And Ishmael the son of Nethaniah went forth from Mizpah to meet them , weeping all along as he went : and it came to pass , as he met them , he said unto them , Come to Gedaliah the son of Ahikam .
Charles and Mary also came in , of course , during their visit , and Mr Musgrove made a point of paying his respects to Lady Russell , and sat down close to her for ten minutes , talking with a very raised voice , but from the clamour of the children on his knees , generally in vain .
The charm of Kellynch and of " Lady Elliot " all faded away .
I hope she is right .-- In one respect , my good fortune is undoubted , that of being able to subscribe myself , Your obliged and affectionate Son , F . C . WESTON CHURCHILL .
behold , and see if there be any sorrow like unto my sorrow , which is done unto me , wherewith the LORD hath afflicted me in the day of his fierce anger .
He had no idea of me .
6 : 14 Stand therefore , having your loins girt about with truth , and having on the breastplate of righteousness ; 6 : 15 And your feet shod with the preparation of the gospel of peace ; 6 : 16 Above all , taking the shield of faith , wherewith ye shall be able to quench all the fiery darts of the wicked .
8 : 11 And Gideon went up by the way of them that dwelt in tents on the east of Nobah and Jogbehah , and smote the host ; for the host was secure .
4 : 6 And I also have given you cleanness of teeth in all your cities , and want of bread in all your places : yet have ye not returned unto me , saith the LORD .
15 : 8 For thy servant vowed a vow while I abode at Geshur in Syria , saying , If the LORD shall bring me again indeed to Jerusalem , then I will serve the LORD .
35 : 4 I will answer thee , and thy companions with thee .
Or the glistening Eye to the poison of a smile !
" Your wife !-- The letter was in your own hand - writing ."
17 : 6 Children ' s children are the crown of old men ; and the glory of children are their fathers .
You must consider me only as Mr Elliot ' s relation .
2 : 15 And his host , and those that were numbered of them , were forty and five thousand and six hundred and fifty .
."
13 : 21 Then I testified against them , and said unto them , Why lodge ye about the wall ?
11 : 24 And Nahor lived nine and twenty years , and begat Terah : 11 : 25 And Nahor lived after he begat Terah an hundred and nineteen years , and begat sons and daughters .
73 : 22 So foolish was I , and ignorant : I was as a beast before thee .
And his anger was kindled , and he went up to his father ' s house .
101 : 4 A froward heart shall depart from me : I will not know a wicked person .
4 : 18 Now some are puffed up , as though I would not come to you .
" We may treat it as a joke ," said he , at last , recovering from the affected laugh which had considerably lengthened out the genuine gaiety of the moment --" but , upon my soul , it is a most serious business .
18 : 17 And the king of Israel said to Jehoshaphat , Did I not tell thee that he would not prophesy good unto me , but evil ?
1 : 1 In the beginning was the Word , and the Word was with God , and the Word was God .
22 : 10 And he enquired of the LORD for him , and gave him victuals , and gave him the sword of Goliath the Philistine .
If I had but her memory !
25 : 1 Then shall the kingdom of heaven be likened unto ten virgins , which took their lamps , and went forth to meet the bridegroom .
1 : 7 They are terrible and dreadful : their judgment and their dignity shall proceed of themselves .
14 : 3 For Pharaoh will say of the children of Israel , They are entangled in the land , the wilderness hath shut them in .
14 : 1 And it came to pass , as he went into the house of one of the chief Pharisees to eat bread on the sabbath day , that they watched him .
But she returned not .
37 : 3 Now Israel loved Joseph more than all his children , because he was the son of his old age : and he made him a coat of many colours .
Once so much to each other !
With all dear Emma ' s little faults , she is an excellent creature .
Emma could not doubt .
4 : 46 On this side Jordan , in the valley over against Bethpeor , in the land of Sihon king of the Amorites , who dwelt at Heshbon , whom Moses and the children of Israel smote , after they were come forth out of Egypt : 4 : 47 And they possessed his land , and the land of Og king of Bashan , two kings of the Amorites , which were on this side Jordan toward the sunrising ; 4 : 48 From Aroer , which is by the bank of the river Arnon , even unto mount Sion , which is Hermon , 4 : 49 And all the plain on this side Jordan eastward , even unto the sea of the plain , under the springs of Pisgah .
78 : 61 And delivered his strength into captivity , and his glory into the enemy ' s hand .
10 : 13 And king Solomon gave unto the queen of Sheba all her desire , whatsoever she asked , beside that which Solomon gave her of his royal bounty .
41 : 6 And the side chambers were three , one over another , and thirty in order ; and they entered into the wall which was of the house for the side chambers round about , that they might have hold , but they had not hold in the wall of the house .
19 : 18 Chasten thy son while there is hope , and let not thy soul spare for his crying .
26 : 15 But know ye for certain , that if ye put me to death , ye shall surely bring innocent blood upon yourselves , and upon this city , and upon the inhabitants thereof : for of a truth the LORD hath sent me unto you to speak all these words in your ears .
" Especially when _one_ of those two is such a fanciful , troublesome creature !"
8 : 4 And David took from him a thousand chariots , and seven hundred horsemen , and twenty thousand footmen : and David houghed all the chariot horses , but reserved of them for an hundred chariots .
44 : 9 They that make a graven image are all of them vanity ; and their delectable things shall not profit ; and they are their own witnesses ; they see not , nor know ; that they may be ashamed .
12 : 24 For there shall be no more any vain vision nor flattering divination within the house of Israel .
" I am glad of it with all my heart ; but really you did not look it .
31 : 27 Behold , the days come , saith the LORD , that I will sow the house of Israel and the house of Judah with the seed of man , and with the seed of beast .
Are ye able to drink of the cup that I shall drink of , and to be baptized with the baptism that I am baptized with ?
And he said , Let it not be known that a woman came into the floor .
You will find me a very awkward narrator , Miss Dashwood ; I hardly know where to begin .
" Exactly so ; that is what principally strikes me .
He described one Miss Elliot , and I thought very affectionately of the other ."
as it is written , How beautiful are the feet of them that preach the gospel of peace , and bring glad tidings of good things !
22 : 28 Is this man Coniah a despised broken idol ?
22 : 34 But when the Pharisees had heard that he had put the Sadducees to silence , they were gathered together .
28 : 3 A poor man that oppresseth the poor is like a sweeping rain which leaveth no food .
Elinor , too , was deeply afflicted ; but still she could struggle , she could exert herself .
5 : 3 And he entered into one of the ships , which was Simon ' s , and prayed him that he would thrust out a little from the land .
and whence comest thou ?
2 : 14 When he arose , he took the young child and his mother by night , and departed into Egypt : 2 : 15 And was there until the death of Herod : that it might be fulfilled which was spoken of the Lord by the prophet , saying , Out of Egypt have I called my son .
6 : 11 And he shall put off his garments , and put on other garments , and carry forth the ashes without the camp unto a clean place .
behold , my soul hath not been polluted : for from my youth up even till now have I not eaten of that which dieth of itself , or is torn in pieces ; neither came there abominable flesh into my mouth .
Well , what do you say to it ?-- I always told you he would be here again soon , did not I ?-- Anne , my dear , did not I always tell you so , and you would not believe me ?-- In town next week , you see -- at the latest , I dare say ; for _she_ is as impatient as the black gentleman when any thing is to be done ; most likely they will be there to - morrow or Saturday .
15 : 24 And the people murmured against Moses , saying , What shall we drink ?
45 : 24 Surely , shall one say , in the LORD have I righteousness and strength : even to him shall men come ; and all that are incensed against him shall be ashamed .
4 : 12 And the children of Reuben , and the children of Gad , and half the tribe of Manasseh , passed over armed before the children of Israel , as Moses spake unto them : 4 : 13 About forty thousand prepared for war passed over before the LORD unto battle , to the plains of Jericho .
2 : 16 Now our Lord Jesus Christ himself , and God , even our Father , which hath loved us , and hath given us everlasting consolation and good hope through grace , 2 : 17 Comfort your hearts , and stablish you in every good word and work .
24 : 25 So Joshua made a covenant with the people that day , and set them a statute and an ordinance in Shechem .
1 : 1 Paul , an apostle of Jesus Christ by the will of God , according to the promise of life which is in Christ Jesus , 1 : 2 To Timothy , my dearly beloved son : Grace , mercy , and peace , from God the Father and Christ Jesus our Lord .
" Yes ," said he , smiling --" and reason good .
12 : 11 The words of the wise are as goads , and as nails fastened by the masters of assemblies , which are given from one shepherd .
I will walk within my house with a perfect heart .
31 : 10 And they put his armour in the house of Ashtaroth : and they fastened his body to the wall of Bethshan .
3 : 63 Behold their sitting down , and their rising up ; I am their musick .
19 : 35 And it came to pass that night , that the angel of the LORD went out , and smote in the camp of the Assyrians an hundred fourscore and five thousand : and when they arose early in the morning , behold , they were all dead corpses .
And all his days they departed not from following the LORD , the God of their fathers .
He gave her to understand that he had looked at her with some earnestness .
3 : 7 Then said he to the multitude that came forth to be baptized of him , O generation of vipers , who hath warned you to flee from the wrath to come ?
30 : 38 And he set the rods which he had pilled before the flocks in the gutters in the watering troughs when the flocks came to drink , that they should conceive when they came to drink .
16 : 14 And he brought also the brasen altar , which was before the LORD , from the forefront of the house , from between the altar and the house of the LORD , and put it on the north side of the altar .
why did I not give up the ghost when I came out of the belly ?
20 : 30 And , behold , two blind men sitting by the way side , when they heard that Jesus passed by , cried out , saying , Have mercy on us , O Lord , thou son of David .
39 : 5 Behold , thou hast made my days as an handbreadth ; and mine age is as nothing before thee : verily every man at his best state is altogether vanity .
9 : 12 For man also knoweth not his time : as the fishes that are taken in an evil net , and as the birds that are caught in the snare ; so are the sons of men snared in an evil time , when it falleth suddenly upon them .
We seem so beset with difficulties on every side , that though it would make us miserable for a time , we should be happier perhaps in the end .
133 : 2 It is like the precious ointment upon the head , that ran down upon the beard , even Aaron ' s beard : that went down to the skirts of his garments ;
42 : 23 And they knew not that Joseph understood them ; for he spake unto them by an interpreter .
CHAPTER II
But I did not love only him ;-- and while the comfort of others was dear to me , I was glad to spare them from knowing how much I felt .
25 : 26 And if the man have none to redeem it , and himself be able to redeem it ; 25 : 27 Then let him count the years of the sale thereof , and restore the overplus unto the man to whom he sold it ; that he may return unto his possession .
40 : 30 And he set the laver between the tent of the congregation and the altar , and put water there , to wash withal .
5 : 14 And the officers of the children of Israel , which Pharaoh ' s taskmasters had set over them , were beaten , and demanded , Wherefore have ye not fulfilled your task in making brick both yesterday and to day , as heretofore ?
2 : 9 When they had heard the king , they departed ; and , lo , the star , which they saw in the east , went before them , till it came and stood over where the young child was .
63 : 13 That led them through the deep , as an horse in the wilderness , that they should not stumble ?
19 : 31 And if any man ask you , Why do ye loose him ?
" She expects to be confined in February ," continued Mrs . Jennings .
18 : 12 All the best of the oil , and all the best of the wine , and of the wheat , the firstfruits of them which they shall offer unto the LORD , them have I given thee .
37 : 33 And he knew it , and said , It is my son ' s coat ; an evil beast hath devoured him ; Joseph is without doubt rent in pieces .
And the king said , I will give them .
3 : 34 Thy hands were not bound , nor thy feet put into fetters : as a man falleth before wicked men , so fellest thou .
Let her name her own supper , and go to bed .
Mrs . Dashwood , whose terror as they drew near the house had produced almost the conviction of Marianne ' s being no more , had no voice to inquire after her , no voice even for Elinor ; but SHE , waiting neither for salutation nor inquiry , instantly gave the joyful relief ;-- and her mother , catching it with all her usual warmth , was in a moment as much overcome by her happiness , as she had been before by her fears .
28 : 18 No mention shall be made of coral , or of pearls : for the price of wisdom is above rubies .
7 : 46 In the plain of Jordan did the king cast them , in the clay ground between Succoth and Zarthan .
17 : 8 And with them he sent Levites , even Shemaiah , and Nethaniah , and Zebadiah , and Asahel , and Shemiramoth , and Jehonathan , and Adonijah , and Tobijah , and Tobadonijah , Levites ; and with them Elishama and Jehoram , priests .
thinks she to herself , ' they are all so fond of Lucy , to be sure they will make no difficulty about it ;' and so , away she went to your sister , who was sitting all alone at her carpet - work , little suspecting what was to come -- for she had just been saying to your brother , only five minutes before , that she thought to make a match between Edward and some Lord ' s daughter or other , I forget who .
Only half an hour before her friend called for her at Mrs . Goddard ' s , her evil stars had led her to the very spot where , at that moment , a trunk , directed to _The_ _Rev . _ _Philip_ _Elton_ , _White - Hart_ , _Bath_ , was to be seen under the operation of being lifted into the butcher ' s cart , which was to convey it to where the coaches past ; and every thing in this world , excepting that trunk and the direction , was consequently a blank .
4 : 5 For I have laid upon thee the years of their iniquity , according to the number of the days , three hundred and ninety days : so shalt thou bear the iniquity of the house of Israel .
Oh !
or
5 : 1 And seeing the multitudes , he went up into a mountain : and when he was set , his disciples came unto him : 5 : 2 And he opened his mouth , and taught them , saying , 5 : 3 Blessed are the poor in spirit : for theirs is the kingdom of heaven .
Though her nephew had had no particular reason to hasten back on her account , she had not lived above six - and - thirty hours after his return .
ye all have transgressed against me , saith the LORD .
Edward said very little ; but what he did say , was in the most determined manner .
the damsel is not dead , but sleepeth .
10 : 13 For whosoever shall call upon the name of the Lord shall be saved .
" You have been long acquainted with Colonel Brandon , have not you ?"
13 : 9 And it shall be for a sign unto thee upon thine hand , and for a memorial between thine eyes , that the LORD ' s law may be in thy mouth : for with a strong hand hath the LORD brought thee out of Egypt .
20 : 45 And they turned and fled toward the wilderness unto the rock of Rimmon : and they gleaned of them in the highways five thousand men ; and pursued hard after them unto Gidom , and slew two thousand men of them .
6 : 1 Now it came to pass when Sanballat , and Tobiah , and Geshem the Arabian , and the rest of our enemies , heard that I had builded the wall , and that there was no breach left therein ; ( though at that time I had not set up the doors upon the gates ;) 6 : 2 That Sanballat and Geshem sent unto me , saying , Come , let us meet together in some one of the villages in the plain of Ono .
14 : 17 My transgression is sealed up in a bag , and thou sewest up mine iniquity .
But the chief priests and the scribes and the chief of the people sought to destroy him , 19 : 48 And could not find what they might do : for all the people were very attentive to hear him .
21 : 6 Even when I remember I am afraid , and trembling taketh hold on my flesh .
2 : 13 And you , being dead in your sins and the uncircumcision of your flesh , hath he quickened together with him , having forgiven you all trespasses ; 2 : 14 Blotting out the handwriting of ordinances that was against us , which was contrary to us , and took it out of the way , nailing it to his cross ; 2 : 15 And having spoiled principalities and powers , he made a shew of them openly , triumphing over them in it .
89 : 15 Blessed is the people that know the joyful sound : they shall walk , O LORD , in the light of thy countenance .
While he talked to Isabella , however , Emma found an opportunity of saying ,
It crossed my mind immediately that you would not regret your friend ' s leaving Highbury , for the sake of her being settled so well .
16 : 25 And Moses said , Eat that to day ; for to day is a sabbath unto the LORD : to day ye shall not find it in the field .
16 : 16 And the people that were encamped heard say , Zimri hath conspired , and hath also slain the king : wherefore all Israel made Omri , the captain of the host , king over Israel that day in the camp .
I have done very little besides sending away some of the large looking - glasses from my dressing - room , which was your father ' s .
2 : 15 All that pass by clap their hands at thee ; they hiss and wag their head at the daughter of Jerusalem , saying , Is this the city that men call The perfection of beauty , The joy of the whole earth ?
9 : 1 Wisdom hath builded her house , she hath hewn out her seven pillars : 9 : 2 She hath killed her beasts ; she hath mingled her wine ; she hath also furnished her table .
20 : 29 And the fear of God was on all the kingdoms of those countries , when they had heard that the LORD fought against the enemies of Israel .
Mr . Weston , do not mistake me .
15 : 6 Now at that feast he released unto them one prisoner , whomsoever they desired .
8 : 23 And the king of Ai they took alive , and brought him to Joshua .
46 : 15 Thus shall they prepare the lamb , and the meat offering , and the oil , every morning for a continual burnt offering .
141 : 8 But mine eyes are unto thee , O GOD the Lord : in thee is my trust ; leave not my soul destitute .
53 : 4 Have the workers of iniquity no knowledge ?
He agreed to it , but with so quiet a " Yes ," as inclined her almost to doubt his real concurrence ; and yet there must be a very distinct sort of elegance for the fashionable world , if Jane Fairfax could be thought only ordinarily gifted with it .
" I must hurry away then , to give him those thanks which you will not allow me to give YOU ; to assure him that he has made me a very -- an exceedingly happy man ."
9 : 33 And when the devil was cast out , the dumb spake : and the multitudes marvelled , saying , It was never so seen in Israel .
40 : 2 He brought me up also out of an horrible pit , out of the miry clay , and set my feet upon a rock , and established my goings .
37 : 26 He is ever merciful , and lendeth ; and his seed is blessed .
for since the fathers fell asleep , all things continue as they were from the beginning of the creation .
15 : 11 And again , Praise the Lord , all ye Gentiles ; and laud him , all ye people .
90 : 17 And let the beauty of the LORD our God be upon us : and establish thou the work of our hands upon us ; yea , the work of our hands establish thou it .
12 : 5 Peter therefore was kept in prison : but prayer was made without ceasing of the church unto God for him .
28 : 9 And on the sabbath day two lambs of the first year without spot , and two tenth deals of flour for a meat offering , mingled with oil , and the drink offering thereof : 28 : 10 This is the burnt offering of every sabbath , beside the continual burnt offering , and his drink offering .
offer it now unto thy governor ; will he be pleased with thee , or accept thy person ?
17 : 14 And when he saw them , he said unto them , Go shew yourselves unto the priests .
15 : 13 For because ye did it not at the first , the LORD our God made a breach upon us , for that we sought him not after the due order .
A line from me would bring you a little host of acquaintance ; and my particular friend , Mrs . Partridge , the lady I have always resided with when in Bath , would be most happy to shew you any attentions , and would be the very person for you to go into public with ."
10 : 19 What say I then ?
24 : 50 Then Laban and Bethuel answered and said , The thing proceedeth from the LORD : we cannot speak unto thee bad or good .
114 : 8 Which turned the rock into a standing water , the flint into a fountain of waters .
It was the answer to the communication of his intended marriage .
In the mean time , till all these alterations could be made from the savings of an income of five hundred a - year by a woman who never saved in her life , they were wise enough to be contented with the house as it was ; and each of them was busy in arranging their particular concerns , and endeavoring , by placing around them books and other possessions , to form themselves a home .
Mrs . Jennings was not struck by the same thought ; for soon after his entrance , she walked across the room to the tea - table where Elinor presided , and whispered -- " The Colonel looks as grave as ever you see .
52 : 20 The two pillars , one sea , and twelve brasen bulls that were under the bases , which king Solomon had made in the house of the LORD : the brass of all these vessels was without weight .
And he brought them forth vestments .
24 : 19 These were the orderings of them in their service to come into the house of the LORD , according to their manner , under Aaron their father , as the LORD God of Israel had commanded him .
one of the people might lightly have lien with thy wife , and thou shouldest have brought guiltiness upon us .
" Ah !"
Or an Eye of gifts & graces showring fruits & coined gold !
7 : 5 In the day of our king the princes have made him sick with bottles of wine ; he stretched out his hand with scorners .
15 : 27 He that is greedy of gain troubleth his own house ; but he that hateth gifts shall live .
41 : 10 Fear thou not ; for I am with thee : be not dismayed ; for I am thy God : I will strengthen thee ; yea , I will help thee ; yea , I will uphold thee with the right hand of my righteousness .
9 : 15 And Joshua made peace with them , and made a league with them , to let them live : and the princes of the congregation sware unto them .
Emma ' s answer was ready at the first word .
10 : 18 Behold , the blood of it was not brought in within the holy place : ye should indeed have eaten it in the holy place , as I commanded .
16 : 52 Thou also , which hast judged thy sisters , bear thine own shame for thy sins that thou hast committed more abominable than they : they are more righteous than thou : yea , be thou confounded also , and bear thy shame , in that thou hast justified thy sisters .
11 : 8 It is as high as heaven ; what canst thou do ?
" I have been considering what we had best do .
3 : 32 And what he hath seen and heard , that he testifieth ; and no man receiveth his testimony .
A situation such as you deserve , and your friends would require for you , is no everyday occurrence , is not obtained at a moment ' s notice ; indeed , indeed , we must begin inquiring directly ."
The estate at Winthrop is not less than two hundred and fifty acres , besides the farm near Taunton , which is some of the best land in the country .
14 : 10 And on the eighth day he shall take two he lambs without blemish , and one ewe lamb of the first year without blemish , and three tenth deals of fine flour for a meat offering , mingled with oil , and one log of oil .
And he said , Wherefore is it that thou dost ask after my name ?
He wanted her to look up and smile ; and having now brought herself not to smile too broadly -- she did -- cheerfully answering ,
4 : 16 We certify the king that , if this city be builded again , and the walls thereof set up , by this means thou shalt have no portion on this side the river .
Her spirits sank .
Mrs . Jennings , however , with a kindness of heart which made Elinor really love her , declared her resolution of not stirring from Cleveland as long as Marianne remained ill , and of endeavouring , by her own attentive care , to supply to her the place of the mother she had taken her from ; and Elinor found her on every occasion a most willing and active helpmate , desirous to share in all her fatigues , and often by her better experience in nursing , of material use .
40 : 6 Sacrifice and offering thou didst not desire ; mine ears hast thou opened : burnt offering and sin offering hast thou not required .
35 : 32 And ye shall take no satisfaction for him that is fled to the city of his refuge , that he should come again to dwell in the land , until the death of the priest .
" Yes , I do .
2 : 2 Then said I , Whither goest thou ?
Miss Anne , if it had pleased Heaven to spare my poor son , I dare say he would have been just such another by this time ."
19 : 19 And when the voice of the trumpet sounded long , and waxed louder and louder , Moses spake , and God answered him by a voice .
9 : 22 And he informed me , and talked with me , and said , O Daniel , I am now come forth to give thee skill and understanding .
Captain Benwick must give up his room to them , and get another bed elsewhere ; and the whole was settled .
was it not with them that had sinned , whose carcases fell in the wilderness ?
109 : 27 That they may know that this is thy hand ; that thou , LORD , hast done it .
27 : 14 For ye rebelled against my commandment in the desert of Zin , in the strife of the congregation , to sanctify me at the water before their eyes : that is the water of Meribah in Kadesh in the wilderness of Zin .
6 : 14 Make thee an ark of gopher wood ; rooms shalt thou make in the ark , and shalt pitch it within and without with pitch .
Weston may grow cross from the wantonness of comfort , or his son may plague him ."
11 : 17 And the men of the city went out , and fought with Joab : and there fell some of the people of the servants of David ; and Uriah the Hittite died also .
And when they enquired and asked , they said , Gideon the son of Joash hath done this thing .
" Perhaps you may now begin to regret that you spent one whole day , out of so few , in having your hair cut ."
9 : 29 And as he prayed , the fashion of his countenance was altered , and his raiment was white and glistering .
4 : 24 For he had dominion over all the region on this side the river , from Tiphsah even to Azzah , over all the kings on this side the river : and he had peace on all sides round about him .
1 : 21 And the saying pleased the king and the princes ; and the king did according to the word of Memucan : 1 : 22 For he sent letters into all the king ' s provinces , into every province according to the writing thereof , and to every people after their language , that every man should bear rule in his own house , and that it should be published according to the language of every people .
38 : 12 And Ebedmelech the Ethiopian said unto Jeremiah , Put now these old cast clouts and rotten rags under thine armholes under the cords .
22 : 39 Now the rest of the acts of Ahab , and all that he did , and the ivory house which he made , and all the cities that he built , are they not written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Israel ?
Emma could not resist .
5 : 6 Seek the LORD , and ye shall live ; lest he break out like fire in the house of Joseph , and devour it , and there be none to quench it in Bethel .
4 : 1 After this I looked , and , behold , a door was opened in heaven : and the first voice which I heard was as it were of a trumpet talking with me ; which said , Come up hither , and I will shew thee things which must be hereafter .
40 : 9 And thou shalt take the anointing oil , and anoint the tabernacle , and all that is therein , and shalt hallow it , and all the vessels thereof : and it shall be holy .
" I had a few lines on parish business from Mr . Weston this morning , and at the end of them he gave me a brief account of what had happened ."
" I am convinced ," said Edward , " that you really feel all the delight in a fine prospect which you profess to feel .
28 : 9 He that turneth away his ear from hearing the law , even his prayer shall be abomination .
14 : 28 So Absalom dwelt two full years in Jerusalem , and saw not the king ' s face .
46 : 20 And unto Joseph in the land of Egypt were born Manasseh and Ephraim , which Asenath the daughter of Potipherah priest of On bare unto him .
16 : 30 And he said , Nay , father Abraham : but if one went unto them from the dead , they will repent .
It is remarkable , that Emma , in the many , very many , points of view in which she was now beginning to consider Donwell Abbey , was never struck with any sense of injury to her nephew Henry , whose rights as heir - expectant had formerly been so tenaciously regarded .
It was natural to have some civil hopes on the subject , and he said ,
21 : 33 All the cities of the Gershonites according to their families were thirteen cities with their suburbs .
Emma encouraged her talkativeness -- amused by such a picture of another set of beings , and enjoying the youthful simplicity which could speak with so much exultation of Mrs . Martin ' s having " _two_ parlours , two very good parlours , indeed ; one of them quite as large as Mrs . Goddard ' s drawing - room ; and of her having an upper maid who had lived five - and - twenty years with her ; and of their having eight cows , two of them Alderneys , and one a little Welch cow , a very pretty little Welch cow indeed ; and of Mrs . Martin ' s saying as she was so fond of it , it should be called _her_ cow ; and of their having a very handsome summer - house in their garden , where some day next year they were all to drink tea :-- a very handsome summer - house , large enough to hold a dozen people ."
1 : 15 And when ye spread forth your hands , I will hide mine eyes from you : yea , when ye make many prayers , I will not hear : your hands are full of blood .
" Can you trust me with such flatterers ?-- Does my vain spirit ever tell me I am wrong ?"
They had scarcely been two minutes by themselves , before he began to speak of Edward ; for he , too , had heard of the living , and was very inquisitive on the subject .
" Should I ?
2 : 10 And he said , Thou hast asked a hard thing : nevertheless , if thou see me when I am taken from thee , it shall be so unto thee ; but if not , it shall not be so .
for they be all adulterers , an assembly of treacherous men .
9 : 35 For they have not served thee in their kingdom , and in thy great goodness that thou gavest them , and in the large and fat land which thou gavest before them , neither turned they from their wicked works .
1 : 15 So they look up Jonah , and cast him forth into the sea : and the sea ceased from her raging .
8 : 66 On the eighth day he sent the people away : and they blessed the king , and went unto their tents joyful and glad of heart for all the goodness that the LORD had done for David his servant , and for Israel his people .
I am rather proud of little George .
13 : 1 Lo , mine eye hath seen all this , mine ear hath heard and understood it .
" I either depend more upon Emma ' s good sense than you do , or am more anxious for her present comfort ; for I cannot lament the acquaintance .
41 : 21 The posts of the temple were squared , and the face of the sanctuary ; the appearance of the one as the appearance of the other .
2 : 11 Whereas angels , which are greater in power and might , bring not railing accusation against them before the Lord .
I am quite of your opinion , Mrs Croft ," was Mrs Musgrove ' s hearty answer .
15 : 27 And if any soul sin through ignorance , then he shall bring a she goat of the first year for a sin offering .
11 : 26 Even so , Father : for so it seemed good in thy sight .
And the Syrians set themselves in array against David , and fought with him .
119 : 92 Unless thy law had been my delights , I should then have perished in mine affliction .
are they not Jerusalem ?
4 : 10 For the priests which bare the ark stood in the midst of Jordan , until everything was finished that the LORD commanded Joshua to speak unto the people , according to all that Moses commanded Joshua : and the people hasted and passed over .
39 : 5 And it came to pass from the time that he had made him overseer in his house , and over all that he had , that the LORD blessed the Egyptian ' s house for Joseph ' s sake ; and the blessing of the LORD was upon all that he had in the house , and in the field .
Her character depends upon those she is with ; but in good hands she will turn out a valuable woman ."
" Oh !
20 : 1 And it came to pass , that on one of those days , as he taught the people in the temple , and preached the gospel , the chief priests and the scribes came upon him with the elders , 20 : 2 And spake unto him , saying , Tell us , by what authority doest thou these things ?
" It may be so ; but Willoughby is capable -- at least I think "-- he stopped a moment ; then added in a voice which seemed to distrust itself , " And your sister -- how did she --"
repeated Mrs . Jennings --" Oh !
After they had been assembled about an hour , Mr . Palmer sauntered towards the Miss Dashwoods to express his surprise on seeing them in town , though Colonel Brandon had been first informed of their arrival at his house , and he had himself said something very droll on hearing that they were to come .
13 : 7 And it was given unto him to make war with the saints , and to overcome them : and power was given him over all kindreds , and tongues , and nations .
2 : 11 Where is the dwelling of the lions , and the feedingplace of the young lions , where the lion , even the old lion , walked , and the lion ' s whelp , and none made them afraid ?
27 : 23 Haran , and Canneh , and Eden , the merchants of Sheba , Asshur , and Chilmad , were thy merchants .
Every body had a degree of gravity and sorrow ; tenderness towards the departed , solicitude for the surviving friends ; and , in a reasonable time , curiosity to know where she would be buried .
and who is a rock , save our God ?
Everything united in him ; good understanding , correct opinions , knowledge of the world , and a warm heart .
Nobody could do it , but that good fellow " ( pointing to Captain Wentworth .)
29 : 15 Because ye have said , The LORD hath raised us up prophets in Babylon ; 29 : 16 Know that thus saith the LORD of the king that sitteth upon the throne of David , and of all the people that dwelleth in this city , and of your brethren that are not gone forth with you into captivity ; 29 : 17 Thus saith the LORD of hosts ; Behold , I will send upon them the sword , the famine , and the pestilence , and will make them like vile figs , that cannot be eaten , they are so evil .
But her promise of relating it to her sister was invariably painful .
She hardly wished to have more leisure for them .
The next day produced little or no alteration in the state of the patient ; she certainly was not better , and , except that there was no amendment , did not appear worse .
He had not seen Louisa ; and was so extremely fearful of any ill consequence to her from an interview , that he did not press for it at all ; and , on the contrary , seemed to have a plan of going away for a week or ten days , till her head was stronger .
And on whom is all the desire of Israel ?
who planteth a vineyard , and eateth not of the fruit thereof ?
10 : 1 And he arose from thence , and cometh into the coasts of Judaea by the farther side of Jordan : and the people resort unto him again ; and , as he was wont , he taught them again .
Never had Marianne been so unwilling to dance in her life , as she was that evening , and never so much fatigued by the exercise .
23 : 6 But the sons of Belial shall be all of them as thorns thrust away , because they cannot be taken with hands : 23 : 7 But the man that shall touch them must be fenced with iron and the staff of a spear ; and they shall be utterly burned with fire in the same place .
She had hoped better things from their high ideas of their own situation in life , and was reduced to form a wish which she had never foreseen ; a wish that they had more pride ; for " our cousins Lady Dalrymple and Miss Carteret ;" " our cousins , the Dalrymples ," sounded in her ears all day long .
my dear , you are very modest .
Who among us shall dwell with the devouring fire ?
15 : 8 And with the blast of thy nostrils the waters were gathered together , the floods stood upright as an heap , and the depths were congealed in the heart of the sea .
1 : 27 Is this thing done by my lord the king , and thou hast not shewed it unto thy servant , who should sit on the throne of my lord the king after him ?
William Larkins let me keep a larger quantity than usual this year .
Men have had every advantage of us in telling their own story .
1 : 16 And I will utter my judgments against them touching all their wickedness , who have forsaken me , and have burned incense unto other gods , and worshipped the works of their own hands .
We cannot mean the same Mr .
10 : 8 But he forsook the counsel which the old men gave him , and took counsel with the young men that were brought up with him , that stood before him .
17 : 15 And he saith unto me , The waters which thou sawest , where the whore sitteth , are peoples , and multitudes , and nations , and tongues .
" It was my father ' s last request to me ," replied her husband , " that I should assist his widow and daughters ."
105 : 40 The people asked , and he brought quails , and satisfied them with the bread of heaven .
I assure you , I have not seen a soul this whole long morning ."
She had rather play .
No , the young lady , to be sure .
26 : 30 And when he had thus spoken , the king rose up , and the governor , and Bernice , and they that sat with them : 26 : 31 And when they were gone aside , they talked between themselves , saying , This man doeth nothing worthy of death or of bonds .
8 : 55 And her spirit came again , and she arose straightway : and he commanded to give her meat .
75 : 3 The earth and all the inhabitants thereof are dissolved : I bear up the pillars of it .
27 : 16 And if a man shall sanctify unto the LORD some part of a field of his possession , then thy estimation shall be according to the seed thereof : an homer of barley seed shall be valued at fifty shekels of silver .
32 : 6 And they rose up early on the morrow , and offered burnt offerings , and brought peace offerings ; and the people sat down to eat and to drink , and rose up to play .
They came and saw where he dwelt , and abode with him that day : for it was about the tenth hour .
30 : 2 O LORD my God , I cried unto thee , and thou hast healed me .
38 : 12 And in process of time the daughter of Shuah Judah ' s wife died ; and Judah was comforted , and went up unto his sheepshearers to Timnath , he and his friend Hirah the Adullamite .
7 : 25 And Joshua said , Why hast thou troubled us ?
5 : 10 And Elisha sent a messenger unto him , saying , Go and wash in Jordan seven times , and thy flesh shall come again to thee , and thou shalt be clean .
Of what he had then written , nothing was to be retracted or qualified .
No intercourse with Harriet possible but by note ; no church for her on Sunday any more than on Christmas Day ; and no need to find excuses for Mr . Elton ' s absenting himself .
21 : 1 And he looked up , and saw the rich men casting their gifts into the treasury .
cried Louisa more eagerly , and taking her sister aside , seemed to be arguing the matter warmly .
Sure somebody else might be found that would do as well ; somebody that is in orders already ."
" Not go to town !"
He could say no more , and rising hastily walked for a few minutes about the room .
7 : 87 All the oxen for the burnt offering were twelve bullocks , the rams twelve , the lambs of the first year twelve , with their meat offering : and the kids of the goats for sin offering twelve .
Lord !
1 : 2 Let him kiss me with the kisses of his mouth : for thy love is better than wine .
Not merely when a state of warfare with one young lady might be supposed to recommend the other , but from the very first ; and she was not satisfied with expressing a natural and reasonable admiration -- but without solicitation , or plea , or privilege , she must be wanting to assist and befriend her .-- Before Emma had forfeited her confidence , and about the third time of their meeting , she heard all Mrs . Elton ' s knight - errantry on the subject .--
and resolved , that his mourning should be as handsome as possible ; and his wife sat sighing and moralising over her broad hems with a commiseration and good sense , true and steady .
43 : 9 I will be surety for him ; of my hand shalt thou require him : if I bring him not unto thee , and set him before thee , then let me bear the blame for ever : 43 : 10 For except we had lingered , surely now we had returned this second time .
11 : 20 But , O LORD of hosts , that judgest righteously , that triest the reins and the heart , let me see thy vengeance on them : for unto thee have I revealed my cause .
2 : 25 Then Arioch brought in Daniel before the king in haste , and said thus unto him , I have found a man of the captives of Judah , that will make known unto the king the interpretation .
28 : 12 And when they were assembled with the elders , and had taken counsel , they gave large money unto the soldiers , 28 : 13 Saying , Say ye , His disciples came by night , and stole him away while we slept .
or how knowest thou , O man , whether thou shalt save thy wife ?
Her views of improving her little friend ' s mind , by a great deal of useful reading and conversation , had never yet led to more than a few first chapters , and the intention of going on to - morrow .
She could determine nothing at present .
Whereas , in my opinion , by her taking so much notice of you , and treating you in this kind of way , she has given you a sort of claim on her future consideration , which a conscientious woman would not disregard .
A large debt of gratitude was owing here ; but the intercourse of the last seven years , the equal footing and perfect unreserve which had soon followed Isabella ' s marriage , on their being left to each other , was yet a dearer , tenderer recollection .
11 : 23 And God stirred him up another adversary , Rezon the son of Eliadah , which fled from his lord Hadadezer king of Zobah : 11 : 24 And he gathered men unto him , and became captain over a band , when David slew them of Zobah : and they went to Damascus , and dwelt therein , and reigned in Damascus .
11 : 1 I say then , Hath God cast away his people ?
But it was too late .
1 : 13 But to which of the angels said he at any time , Sit on my right hand , until I make thine enemies thy footstool ?
" Do not be offended , Elinor , if my praise of him is not in every thing equal to your sense of his merits .
12 : 7 And lest I should be exalted above measure through the abundance of the revelations , there was given to me a thorn in the flesh , the messenger of Satan to buffet me , lest I should be exalted above measure .
9 : 45 And if thy foot offend thee , cut it off : it is better for thee to enter halt into life , than having two feet to be cast into hell , into the fire that never shall be quenched : 9 : 46 Where their worm dieth not , and the fire is not quenched .
1 : 5 Behold ye among the heathen , and regard , and wonder marvelously : for I will work a work in your days which ye will not believe , though it be told you .
Fare ye well .
She was sorry , very sorry .
" A great many things , I assure you .
3 : 12 As for my people , children are their oppressors , and women rule over them .
" Oh !
9 : 24 Know ye not that they which run in a race run all , but one receiveth the prize ?
But at length she was secured by the exertions of Elinor , who greatly disapproved such continual seclusion .
I hope your father and mother are quite happy with regard to both ."
7 : 2 And they consider not in their hearts that I remember all their wickedness : now their own doings have beset them about ; they are before my face .
13 : 34 And this thing became sin unto the house of Jeroboam , even to cut it off , and to destroy it from off the face of the earth .
21 : 22 For these be the days of vengeance , that all things which are written may be fulfilled .
Oh !
20 : 21 And if a man shall take his brother ' s wife , it is an unclean thing : he hath uncovered his brother ' s nakedness ; they shall be childless .
I hope , from the bottom of my heart , he won ' t keep her waiting much longer , for it is quite grievous to see her look so ill and forlorn .
7 : 24 The children of Hariph , an hundred and twelve .
23 : 15 And David longed , and said , Oh that one would give me drink of the water of the well of Bethlehem , which is by the gate !
137 : 2 We hanged our harps upon the willows in the midst thereof .
25 : 6 And , behold , one of the children of Israel came and brought unto his brethren a Midianitish woman in the sight of Moses , and in the sight of all the congregation of the children of Israel , who were weeping before the door of the tabernacle of the congregation .
Mrs . Jennings , however , assured him directly , that she should not stand upon ceremony , for they were all cousins , or something like it , and she should certainly wait on Mrs . John Dashwood very soon , and bring her sisters to see her .
19 : 20 And those which remain shall hear , and fear , and shall henceforth commit no more any such evil among you .
7 : 18 And the disciples of John shewed him of all these things .
26 : 39 And they that are left of you shall pine away in their iniquity in your enemies ' lands ; and also in the iniquities of their fathers shall they pine away with them .
She wanted her to be more known .
105 : 18 Whose feet they hurt with fetters : he was laid in iron :
20 : 36 So the children of Benjamin saw that they were smitten : for the men of Israel gave place to the Benjamites , because they trusted unto the liers in wait which they had set beside Gibeah .
Is he coming , Louisa ?"
24 : 21 And they conspired against him , and stoned him with stones at the commandment of the king in the court of the house of the LORD .
22 : 23 And I will fasten him as a nail in a sure place ; and he shall be for a glorious throne to his father ' s house .
4 : 34 Or hath God assayed to go and take him a nation from the midst of another nation , by temptations , by signs , and by wonders , and by war , and by a mighty hand , and by a stretched out arm , and by great terrors , according to all that the LORD your God did for you in Egypt before your eyes ?
This was the occurrence :-- The Coles had been settled some years in Highbury , and were very good sort of people -- friendly , liberal , and unpretending ; but , on the other hand , they were of low origin , in trade , and only moderately genteel .
I am not fond of the idea of my shrubberies being always approachable ; and I should recommend Miss Elliot to be on her guard with respect to her flower garden .
19 : 16 Then delivered he him therefore unto them to be crucified .
22 : 37 Thou hast enlarged my steps under me ; so that my feet did not slip .
23 : 6 And he brought out the grove from the house of the LORD , without Jerusalem , unto the brook Kidron , and burned it at the brook Kidron , and stamped it small to powder , and cast the powder thereof upon the graves of the children of the people .
33 : 7 And I will cause the captivity of Judah and the captivity of Israel to return , and will build them , as at the first .
Edward assured them himself of his being in town , within a very short time , by twice calling in Berkeley Street .
1 : 1 Now the word of the LORD came unto Jonah the son of Amittai , saying , 1 : 2 Arise , go to Nineveh , that great city , and cry against it ; for their wickedness is come up before me .
It cannot be doubted that Sir Walter and Elizabeth were shocked and mortified by the loss of their companion , and the discovery of their deception in her .
or is it equally criminal in every body ?
65 : 12 They drop upon the pastures of the wilderness : and the little hills rejoice on every side .
7 : 4 And it came to pass that night , that the word of the LORD came unto Nathan , saying , 7 : 5 Go and tell my servant David , Thus saith the LORD , Shalt thou build me an house for me to dwell in ?
28 : 4 Howbeit the LORD God of Israel chose me before all the house of my father to be king over Israel for ever : for he hath chosen Judah to be the ruler ; and of the house of Judah , the house of my father ; and among the sons of my father he liked me to make me king over all Israel : 28 : 5 And of all my sons , ( for the LORD hath given me many sons ,) he hath chosen Solomon my son to sit upon the throne of the kingdom of the LORD over Israel .
" My dear Harriet , you must not refine too much upon this charade .-- You will betray your feelings improperly , if you are too conscious and too quick , and appear to affix more meaning , or even quite all the meaning which may be affixed to it .
dear -- I think you play the best of the two .
10 : 17 And when he was gone forth into the way , there came one running , and kneeled to him , and asked him , Good Master , what shall I do that I may inherit eternal life ?
16 : 44 And the LORD spake unto Moses , saying , 16 : 45 Get you up from among this congregation , that I may consume them as in a moment .
yes -- did not you know ?-- Well , well , never mind ."
26 : 8 As he that bindeth a stone in a sling , so is he that giveth honour to a fool .
5 : 8 They were as fed horses in the morning : every one neighed after his neighbour ' s wife .
1 : 19 And this is the record of John , when the Jews sent priests and Levites from Jerusalem to ask him , Who art thou ?
" No ; but she might suppose that something would occur in your favour ; that your own family might in time relent .
1 : 20 And they gave Hebron unto Caleb , as Moses said : and he expelled thence the three sons of Anak .
11 : 23 Who , when he came , and had seen the grace of God , was glad , and exhorted them all , that with purpose of heart they would cleave unto the Lord .
10 : 27 But the LORD hardened Pharaoh ' s heart , and he would not let them go .
26 : 35 These are the sons of Ephraim after their families : of Shuthelah , the family of the Shuthalhites : of Becher , the family of the Bachrites : of Tahan , the family of the Tahanites .
I suppose " ( smiling ) " I have more pride than any of you ; but I confess it does vex me , that we should be so solicitous to have the relationship acknowledged , which we may be very sure is a matter of perfect indifference to them ."
His glory covered the heavens , and the earth was full of his praise .
47 : 22 Only the land of the priests bought he not ; for the priests had a portion assigned them of Pharaoh , and did eat their portion which Pharaoh gave them : wherefore they sold not their lands .
24 : 8 Every sabbath he shall set it in order before the LORD continually , being taken from the children of Israel by an everlasting covenant .
1 : 6 If we say that we have fellowship with him , and walk in darkness , we lie , and do not the truth : 1 : 7 But if we walk in the light , as he is in the light , we have fellowship one with another , and the blood of Jesus Christ his Son cleanseth us from all sin .
and , What hath the LORD spoken ?
He knows the value of a good income as well as any body .
21 : 16 And it came to pass , when Ahab heard that Naboth was dead , that Ahab rose up to go down to the vineyard of Naboth the Jezreelite , to take possession of it .
48 : 42 And Moab shall be destroyed from being a people , because he hath magnified himself against the LORD .
LORD , lift thou up the light of thy countenance upon us .
Have I been a wilderness unto Israel ?
119 : 3 They also do no iniquity : they walk in his ways .
You knew I should not stir till my lord and master appeared .-- Here have I been sitting this hour , giving these young ladies a sample of true conjugal obedience -- for who can say , you know , how soon it may be wanted ?"
I knew who it came from .
The Crofts will associate with them ."
CHAPTER 32
I should be sorry to have YOU ill ; you , that have been the greatest comfort to me in the world !-- Heaven knows what I should have done without your friendship ."
25 : 20 As he that taketh away a garment in cold weather , and as vinegar upon nitre , so is he that singeth songs to an heavy heart .
22 : 38 And Balaam said unto Balak , Lo , I am come unto thee : have I now any power at all to say any thing ?
I am always glad to see him .
One natural consequence of the evil she had involved herself in ," she said , " was that of making her _unreasonable_ .
7 : 17 For he testifieth , Thou art a priest for ever after the order of Melchisedec .
7 : 11 For sin , taking occasion by the commandment , deceived me , and by it slew me .
She knew , that when he now took up the Baronetage , it was to drive the heavy bills of his tradespeople , and the unwelcome hints of Mr Shepherd , his agent , from his thoughts .
34 : 30 And Jacob said to Simeon and Levi , Ye have troubled me to make me to stink among the inhabitants of the land , among the Canaanites and the Perizzites : and I being few in number , they shall gather themselves together against me , and slay me ; and I shall be destroyed , I and my house .
But you are too good for that , I am sure ."
Her person was rather good ; her face not unpretty ; but neither feature , nor air , nor voice , nor manner , were elegant .
And Edom came out against him with much people , and with a strong hand .
12 : 3 He took his brother by the heel in the womb , and by his strength he had power with God : 12 : 4 Yea , he had power over the angel , and prevailed : he wept , and made supplication unto him : he found him in Bethel , and there he spake with us ; 12 : 5 Even the LORD God of hosts ; the LORD is his memorial .
21 : 15 Moreover the Philistines had yet war again with Israel ; and David went down , and his servants with him , and fought against the Philistines : and David waxed faint .
And the children of Ammon gathered themselves together from their cities , and came to battle .
When had his influence , such influence begun ?-- When had he succeeded to that place in her affection , which Frank Churchill had once , for a short period , occupied ?-- She looked back ; she compared the two -- compared them , as they had always stood in her estimation , from the time of the latter ' s becoming known to her -- and as they must at any time have been compared by her , had it -- oh !
17 : 11 Therefore I counsel that all Israel be generally gathered unto thee , from Dan even to Beersheba , as the sand that is by the sea for multitude ; and that thou go to battle in thine own person .
I forget where we had been walking to -- very likely to Randalls ; yes , I think it was to Randalls .
120 : 4 Sharp arrows of the mighty , with coals of juniper .
Zechariah
14 : 21 It is good neither to eat flesh , nor to drink wine , nor any thing whereby thy brother stumbleth , or is offended , or is made weak .
1 : 5 And David said unto the young man that told him , How knowest thou that Saul and Jonathan his son be dead ?
4 : 24 Put away from thee a froward mouth , and perverse lips put far from thee .
18 : 7 And he departed thence , and entered into a certain man ' s house , named Justus , one that worshipped God , whose house joined hard to the synagogue .
I have said , Thou and Ziba divide the land .
" You are so noble in your ideas !"
48 : 13 Mark ye well her bulwarks , consider her palaces ; that ye may tell it to the generation following .
23 : 20 Behold , I send an Angel before thee , to keep thee in the way , and to bring thee into the place which I have prepared .
33 : 27 Say thou thus unto them , Thus saith the Lord GOD ; As I live , surely they that are in the wastes shall fall by the sword , and him that is in the open field will I give to the beasts to be devoured , and they that be in the forts and in the caves shall die of the pestilence .
37 : 38 And it came to pass , as he was worshipping in the house of Nisroch his god , that Adrammelech and Sharezer his sons smote him with the sword ; and they escaped into the land of Armenia : and Esarhaddon his son reigned in his stead .
Mr . Elton was the only one whose assistance she asked .
11 : 4 And David sent messengers , and took her ; and she came in unto him , and he lay with her ; for she was purified from her uncleanness : and she returned unto her house .
she was a dear old Asp to me .
They ascended and passed him ; and as they passed , Anne ' s face caught his eye , and he looked at her with a degree of earnest admiration , which she could not be insensible of .
Mr and Mrs Musgrove cannot think it wrong while I remain with him ."
5 : 21 The river of Kishon swept them away , that ancient river , the river Kishon .
18 : 29 For by thee I have run through a troop ; and by my God have I leaped over a wall .
11 : 47 Then gathered the chief priests and the Pharisees a council , and said , What do we ?
25 : 38 And it came to pass about ten days after , that the LORD smote Nabal , that he died .
9 : 2 All things come alike to all : there is one event to the righteous , and to the wicked ; to the good and to the clean , and to the unclean ; to him that sacrificeth , and to him that sacrificeth not : as is the good , so is the sinner ; and he that sweareth , as he that feareth an oath .
cried Sir John ; " what , is HE in the country ?
He held out his hand .
27 : 2 And he said , Behold now , I am old , I know not the day of my death : 27 : 3 Now therefore take , I pray thee , thy weapons , thy quiver and thy bow , and go out to the field , and take me some venison ; 27 : 4 And make me savoury meat , such as I love , and bring it to me , that I may eat ; that my soul may bless thee before I die .
24 : 7 For nation shall rise against nation , and kingdom against kingdom : and there shall be famines , and pestilences , and earthquakes , in divers places .
9 : 6 And of the sons of Zerah ; Jeuel , and their brethren , six hundred and ninety .
27 : 26 Then released he Barabbas unto them : and when he had scourged Jesus , he delivered him to be crucified .
18 : 21 Therefore deliver up their children to the famine , and pour out their blood by the force of the sword ; and let their wives be bereaved of their children , and be widows ; and let their men be put to death ; let their young men be slain by the sword in battle .
27 : 31 And after that they had mocked him , they took the robe off from him , and put his own raiment on him , and led him away to crucify him .
5 : 12 And the harp , and the viol , the tabret , and pipe , and wine , are in their feasts : but they regard not the work of the LORD , neither consider the operation of his hands .
48 : 9 For my name ' s sake will I defer mine anger , and for my praise will I refrain for thee , that I cut thee not off .
41 : 12 Now the building that was before the separate place at the end toward the west was seventy cubits broad ; and the wall of the building was five cubits thick round about , and the length thereof ninety cubits .
He had , by that time , realised an easy competence -- enough to secure the purchase of a little estate adjoining Highbury , which he had always longed for -- enough to marry a woman as portionless even as Miss Taylor , and to live according to the wishes of his own friendly and social disposition .
They had not a fault to find in him .
And so many children poor ?
46 : 11 And in the feasts and in the solemnities the meat offering shall be an ephah to a bullock , and an ephah to a ram , and to the lambs as he is able to give , and an hin of oil to an ephah .
28 : 36 The LORD shall bring thee , and thy king which thou shalt set over thee , unto a nation which neither thou nor thy fathers have known ; and there shalt thou serve other gods , wood and stone .
12 : 32 Fear not , little flock ; for it is your Father ' s good pleasure to give you the kingdom .
20 : 25 But Jesus called them unto him , and said , Ye know that the princes of the Gentiles exercise dominion over them , and they that are great exercise authority upon them .
4 : 2 And he spake before his brethren and the army of Samaria , and said , What do these feeble Jews ?
Then David departed , and came into the forest of Hareth .
Barabbas , or Jesus which is called Christ ?
say beautiful rather .
Mr . Knightley , one moment more ; something of consequence -- so shocked !-- Jane and I are both so shocked about the apples !"
18 : 5 And they said unto him , Ask counsel , we pray thee , of God , that we may know whether our way which we go shall be prosperous .
But I had no inclination for the law , even in this less abstruse study of it , which my family approved .
14 : 2 For I will gather all nations against Jerusalem to battle ; and the city shall be taken , and the houses rifled , and the women ravished ; and half of the city shall go forth into captivity , and the residue of the people shall not be cut off from the city .
30 : 15 For thus saith the Lord GOD , the Holy One of Israel ; In returning and rest shall ye be saved ; in quietness and in confidence shall be your strength : and ye would not .
19 : 17 Of a truth , LORD , the kings of Assyria have destroyed the nations and their lands , 19 : 18 And have cast their gods into the fire : for they were no gods , but the work of men ' s hands , wood and stone : therefore they have destroyed them .
And he said , Unto Hebron .
And Jehu followed after him , and said , Smite him also in the chariot .
1 : 19 For I know that this shall turn to my salvation through your prayer , and the supply of the Spirit of Jesus Christ , 1 : 20 According to my earnest expectation and my hope , that in nothing I shall be ashamed , but that with all boldness , as always , so now also Christ shall be magnified in my body , whether it be by life , or by death .
33 : 43 And they departed from Punon , and pitched in Oboth .
And the land rested from war .
19 : 3 And again they said , Alleluia And her smoke rose up for ever and ever .
7 : 43 So there was a division among the people because of him .
6 : 22 And when Gideon perceived that he was an angel of the LORD , Gideon said , Alas , O LORD God !
Captain Wentworth had no fortune .
Poor little Emma !
10 : 30 Lift up thy voice , O daughter of Gallim : cause it to be heard unto Laish , O poor Anathoth .
She wanted to hear many particulars of their engagement repeated again , she wanted more clearly to understand what Lucy really felt for Edward , whether there were any sincerity in her declaration of tender regard for him , and she particularly wanted to convince Lucy , by her readiness to enter on the matter again , and her calmness in conversing on it , that she was no otherwise interested in it than as a friend , which she very much feared her involuntary agitation , in their morning discourse , must have left at least doubtful .
4 : 32 And they shall drive thee from men , and thy dwelling shall be with the beasts of the field : they shall make thee to eat grass as oxen , and seven times shall pass over thee , until thou know that the most High ruleth in the kingdom of men , and giveth it to whomsoever he will .
50 : 9 And there went up with him both chariots and horsemen : and it was a very great company .
" Not till the first week of August , when he came home from the Cape , just made into the Grappler .
9 : 16 O LORD , according to all thy righteousness , I beseech thee , let thine anger and thy fury be turned away from thy city Jerusalem , thy holy mountain : because for our sins , and for the iniquities of our fathers , Jerusalem and thy people are become a reproach to all that are about us .
The time was now drawing on , when Colonel Brandon might be expected back .
6 : 36 If they sin against thee , ( for there is no man which sinneth not ,) and thou be angry with them , and deliver them over before their enemies , and they carry them away captives unto a land far off or near ; 6 : 37 Yet if they bethink themselves in the land whither they are carried captive , and turn and pray unto thee in the land of their captivity , saying , We have sinned , we have done amiss , and have dealt wickedly ; 6 : 38 If they return to thee with all their heart and with all their soul in the land of their captivity , whither they have carried them captives , and pray toward their land , which thou gavest unto their fathers , and toward the city which thou hast chosen , and toward the house which I have built for thy name : 6 : 39 Then hear thou from the heavens , even from thy dwelling place , their prayer and their supplications , and maintain their cause , and forgive thy people which have sinned against thee .
8 : 15 And I gathered them together to the river that runneth to Ahava ; and there abode we in tents three days : and I viewed the people , and the priests , and found there none of the sons of Levi .
Elinor , confirmed in every pleasant hope , was all cheerfulness ; rejoicing that in her letters to her mother , she had pursued her own judgment rather than her friend ' s , in making very light of the indisposition which delayed them at Cleveland ; and almost fixing on the time when Marianne would be able to travel .
It will not do to _invite_ five couple .
To feel that she ought to be in better circumstances , that a little trouble in the right place might do it , and to fear that delay might be even weakening her claims , was hard to bear .
There was no reason to suppose Mr . Elton thought at all differently from his wife .
22 : 20 But whatsoever hath a blemish , that shall ye not offer : for it shall not be acceptable for you .
He has changed his hour of going , I suppose , that is all , or I may be mistaken , I might not attend ;" and walked back to her chair , recomposed , and with the comfortable hope of having acquitted herself well .
28 : 27 For the fitches are not threshed with a threshing instrument , neither is a cart wheel turned about upon the cummin ; but the fitches are beaten out with a staff , and the cummin with a rod .
41 : 27 And the seven thin and ill favoured kine that came up after them are seven years ; and the seven empty ears blasted with the east wind shall be seven years of famine .
She wished , however to see the Crofts , and was glad to be within when the visit was returned .
10 : 22 And he was sad at that saying , and went away grieved : for he had great possessions .
6 : 26 And as the king of Israel was passing by upon the wall , there cried a woman unto him , saying , Help , my lord , O king .
1 : 8 Now the children of Judah had fought against Jerusalem , and had taken it , and smitten it with the edge of the sword , and set the city on fire .
15 : 24 And he did that which was evil in the sight of the LORD : he departed not from the sins of Jeroboam the son of Nebat , who made Israel to sin .
And he said , I will redeem it .
Her legal allowance was not adequate to her fortune , nor sufficient for her comfortable maintenance , and I learnt from my brother that the power of receiving it had been made over some months before to another person .
How unworthily occupied !
3 : 7 He overlaid also the house , the beams , the posts , and the walls thereof , and the doors thereof , with gold ; and graved cherubims on the walls .
I have no faith in Mrs . Elton ' s acknowledging herself the inferior in thought , word , or deed ; or in her being under any restraint beyond her own scanty rule of good - breeding .
madam ," cried Emma , " if other children are at all like what I remember to have been myself , I should think five times the amount of what I have ever yet heard named as a salary on such occasions , dearly earned ."
This is the true God , and eternal life .
47 : 2 Take the millstones , and grind meal : uncover thy locks , make bare the leg , uncover the thigh , pass over the rivers .
" I hope he has had no bad news ," said Lady Middleton .
21 : 5 Prepare the table , watch in the watchtower , eat , drink : arise , ye princes , and anoint the shield .
10 : 3 And they sent and called him .
But I shall want the ribbon directly -- so it had better go to Hartfield -- at least the ribbon .
1 : 9 And thy mighty men , O Teman , shall be dismayed , to the end that every one of the mount of Esau may be cut off by slaughter .
17 : 10 Because thou hast forgotten the God of thy salvation , and hast not been mindful of the rock of thy strength , therefore shalt thou plant pleasant plants , and shalt set it with strange slips : 17 : 11 In the day shalt thou make thy plant to grow , and in the morning shalt thou make thy seed to flourish : but the harvest shall be a heap in the day of grief and of desperate sorrow .
11 : 24 There is that scattereth , and yet increaseth ; and there is that withholdeth more than is meet , but it tendeth to poverty .
13 : 19 And when he had destroyed seven nations in the land of Chanaan , he divided their land to them by lot .
43 : 19 And they came near to the steward of Joseph ' s house , and they communed with him at the door of the house , 43 : 20 And said , O sir , we came indeed down at the first time to buy food : 43 : 21 And it came to pass , when we came to the inn , that we opened our sacks , and , behold , every man ' s money was in the mouth of his sack , our money in full weight : and we have brought it again in our hand .
She did not wish to speak of the pianoforte , she felt too much in the secret herself , to think the appearance of curiosity or interest fair , and therefore purposely kept at a distance ; but by the others , the subject was almost immediately introduced , and she saw the blush of consciousness with which congratulations were received , the blush of guilt which accompanied the name of " my excellent friend Colonel Campbell ."
6 : 26 As for Elkanah : the sons of Elkanah ; Zophai his son , and Nahath his son , 6 : 27 Eliab his son , Jeroham his son , Elkanah his son .
-- And when Mrs . Bates was saying something to Emma , whispered farther , " We do not say a word of any _assistance_ that Perry might have ; not a word of a certain young physician from Windsor .-- Oh !
27 : 3 Though an host should encamp against me , my heart shall not fear : though war should rise against me , in this will I be confident .
28 : 16 And when we came to Rome , the centurion delivered the prisoners to the captain of the guard : but Paul was suffered to dwell by himself with a soldier that kept him .
20 : 29 And when all the congregation saw that Aaron was dead , they mourned for Aaron thirty days , even all the house of Israel .
In such a case , a plain and open avowal of his difficulties would have been more to his honour I think , as well as more consistent with his general character ;-- but I will not raise objections against any one ' s conduct on so illiberal a foundation , as a difference in judgment from myself , or a deviation from what I may think right and consistent ."
He is a most amiable , charming young man , I believe .
8 : 58 Jesus said unto them , Verily , verily , I say unto you , Before Abraham was , I am .
4 : 11 Thou shalt drink also water by measure , the sixth part of an hin : from time to time shalt thou drink .
28 : 28 And they shall bind the breastplate by the rings thereof unto the rings of the ephod with a lace of blue , that it may be above the curious girdle of the ephod , and that the breastplate be not loosed from the ephod .
" Yes -- what should hurt me ?-- I walk fast .
19 : 15 And when the children of Ammon saw that the Syrians were fled , they likewise fled before Abishai his brother , and entered into the city .
but now the LORD hath forsaken us , and delivered us into the hands of the Midianites .
Do the rulers know indeed that this is the very Christ ?
6 : 7 And the scribes and Pharisees watched him , whether he would heal on the sabbath day ; that they might find an accusation against him .
2 : 21 In those days , while Mordecai sat in the king ' s gate , two of the king ' s chamberlains , Bigthan and Teresh , of those which kept the door , were wroth , and sought to lay hands on the king Ahasuerus .
6 : 17 And the city shall be accursed , even it , and all that are therein , to the LORD : only Rahab the harlot shall live , she and all that are with her in the house , because she hid the messengers that we sent .
You appear to me a little hoarse already , and when you consider what demand of voice and what fatigues to - morrow will bring , I think it would be no more than common prudence to stay at home and take care of yourself to - night ."
29 : 22 Also thou shalt take of the ram the fat and the rump , and the fat that covereth the inwards , and the caul above the liver , and the two kidneys , and the fat that is upon them , and the right shoulder ; for it is a ram of consecration : 29 : 23 And one loaf of bread , and one cake of oiled bread , and one wafer out of the basket of the unleavened bread that is before the LORD : 29 : 24 And thou shalt put all in the hands of Aaron , and in the hands of his sons ; and shalt wave them for a wave offering before the LORD .
1 : 11 For from the rising of the sun even unto the going down of the same my name shall be great among the Gentiles ; and in every place incense shall be offered unto my name , and a pure offering : for my name shall be great among the heathen , saith the LORD of hosts .
6 : 27 Whatsoever shall touch the flesh thereof shall be holy : and when there is sprinkled of the blood thereof upon any garment , thou shalt wash that whereon it was sprinkled in the holy place .
10 : 21 Then Peter went down to the men which were sent unto him from Cornelius ; and said , Behold , I am he whom ye seek : what is the cause wherefore ye are come ?
19 : 26 He that wasteth his father , and chaseth away his mother , is a son that causeth shame , and bringeth reproach .
As a counsellor she was not wanted ; but as an approver , ( a much safer character ,) she was truly welcome .
" Well , if you do not think it too late to give notice for yourself , suppose you were to go , as well as your husband .
" Well -- if you advise it .-- But ( with a smile ) if Colonel Campbell should have employed a careless friend , and if it should prove to have an indifferent tone -- what shall I say ?
The truth of this representation there was no denying .
His goodness of heart and simplicity of character were irresistible .
9 : 14 Give them , O LORD : what wilt thou give ?
20 : 11 Even a child is known by his doings , whether his work be pure , and whether it be right .
Pass Mr . E ., Knightley , Jane , and myself .
1 : 43 So I spake unto you ; and ye would not hear , but rebelled against the commandment of the LORD , and went presumptuously up into the hill .
Elinor told him that it was .
20 : 3 I have heard the check of my reproach , and the spirit of my understanding causeth me to answer .
He endured too well , stood too well with every body .
11 : 16 The LORD called thy name , A green olive tree , fair , and of goodly fruit : with the noise of a great tumult he hath kindled fire upon it , and the branches of it are broken .
7 : 15 According to the days of thy coming out of the land of Egypt will I shew unto him marvellous things .
And she did not feel much delighted with the idea of such a sister - in - law .
17 : 26 And as it was in the days of Noe , so shall it be also in the days of the Son of man .
36 : 25 And for the other side of the tabernacle , which is toward the north corner , he made twenty boards , 36 : 26 And their forty sockets of silver ; two sockets under one board , and two sockets under another board .
He thanked her , observing , " How lucky that we should arrive at the same moment !
Jane , don ' t you remember grandmama ' s telling us of it when we got home ?
art thou become like unto us ?
3 : 3 Now Joshua was clothed with filthy garments , and stood before the angel .
She would not allow any other anxiety to succeed directly to the place in her mind which Harriet had occupied .
13 : 17 A wicked messenger falleth into mischief : but a faithful ambassador is health .
128 : 2 For thou shalt eat the labour of thine hands : happy shalt thou be , and it shall be well with thee .
And Sarah heard it in the tent door , which was behind him .
He knew her illnesses ; they never occurred but for her own convenience .
15 : 19 But God clave an hollow place that was in the jaw , and there came water thereout ; and when he had drunk , his spirit came again , and he revived : wherefore he called the name thereof Enhakkore , which is in Lehi unto this day .
39 : 3 They bow themselves , they bring forth their young ones , they cast out their sorrows .
33 : 56 Moreover it shall come to pass , that I shall do unto you , as I thought to do unto them .
11 : 9 But Uriah slept at the door of the king ' s house with all the servants of his lord , and went not down to his house .
19 : 23 And the same time there arose no small stir about that way .
And they took them alive , and slew them at the pit of the shearing house , even two and forty men ; neither left he any of them .
13 : 41 The Son of man shall send forth his angels , and they shall gather out of his kingdom all things that offend , and them which do iniquity ; 13 : 42 And shall cast them into a furnace of fire : there shall be wailing and gnashing of teeth .
10 : 16 This was done thrice : and the vessel was received up again into heaven .
I am charged with a most agreeable office ( breathing rather faster than usual as she spoke .)
8 : 22 Then the men of Israel said unto Gideon , Rule thou over us , both thou , and thy son , and thy son ' s son also : for thou hast delivered us from the hand of Midian .
3 : 11 He answereth and saith unto them , He that hath two coats , let him impart to him that hath none ; and he that hath meat , let him do likewise .
so I might have taken her to me to wife : now therefore behold thy wife , take her , and go thy way .
22 : 16 I Jesus have sent mine angel to testify unto you these things in the churches .
15 : 15 Behold , he putteth no trust in his saints ; yea , the heavens are not clean in his sight .
6 : 21 Hearken therefore unto the supplications of thy servant , and of thy people Israel , which they shall make toward this place : hear thou from thy dwelling place , even from heaven ; and when thou hearest , forgive .
And they answered , As thou art , so were they ; each one resembled the children of a king .
119 : 73 Thy hands have made me and fashioned me : give me understanding , that I may learn thy commandments .
So the house of the LORD was perfected .
" Depend upon it , Mrs . Churchill does every thing that any other fine lady ever did .
Though WE have not known him long , he is no stranger in this part of the world ; and who has ever spoken to his disadvantage ?
28 : 18 And Jacob rose up early in the morning , and took the stone that he had put for his pillows , and set it up for a pillar , and poured oil upon the top of it .
31 : 15 My times are in thy hand : deliver me from the hand of mine enemies , and from them that persecute me .
They are ripening fast ."
1 : 19 The beauty of Israel is slain upon thy high places : how are the mighty fallen !
Well might Charles wonder how Captain Wentworth would feel !
It had no park , but the pleasure - grounds were tolerably extensive ; and like every other place of the same degree of importance , it had its open shrubbery , and closer wood walk , a road of smooth gravel winding round a plantation , led to the front , the lawn was dotted over with timber , the house itself was under the guardianship of the fir , the mountain - ash , and the acacia , and a thick screen of them altogether , interspersed with tall Lombardy poplars , shut out the offices .
Her influence would have been enough .
36 : 17 And he made fifty loops upon the uttermost edge of the curtain in the coupling , and fifty loops made he upon the edge of the curtain which coupleth the second .
20 : 13 And we went before to ship , and sailed unto Assos , there intending to take in Paul : for so had he appointed , minding himself to go afoot .
Anne was too much engaged with Lady Russell to be often walking herself ; but it so happened that one morning , about a week or ten days after the Croft ' s arrival , it suited her best to leave her friend , or her friend ' s carriage , in the lower part of the town , and return alone to Camden Place , and in walking up Milsom Street she had the good fortune to meet with the Admiral .
2 : 14 And found in the temple those that sold oxen and sheep and doves , and the changers of money sitting : 2 : 15 And when he had made a scourge of small cords , he drove them all out of the temple , and the sheep , and the oxen ; and poured out the changers ' money , and overthrew the tables ; 2 : 16 And said unto them that sold doves , Take these things hence ; make not my Father ' s house an house of merchandise .
In spite of his being allowed once more to live , however , he did not feel the continuance of his existence secure , till he had revealed his present engagement ; for the publication of that circumstance , he feared , might give a sudden turn to his constitution , and carry him off as rapidly as before .
30 : 25 And there shall be upon every high mountain , and upon every high hill , rivers and streams of waters in the day of the great slaughter , when the towers fall .
18 : 28 And Saul saw and knew that the LORD was with David , and that Michal Saul ' s daughter loved him .
seek not a wife .
65 : 2 I have spread out my hands all the day unto a rebellious people , which walketh in a way that was not good , after their own thoughts ; 65 : 3 A people that provoketh me to anger continually to my face ; that sacrificeth in gardens , and burneth incense upon altars of brick ; 65 : 4 Which remain among the graves , and lodge in the monuments , which eat swine ' s flesh , and broth of abominable things is in their vessels ; 65 : 5 Which say , Stand by thyself , come not near to me ; for I am holier than thou .
5 : 16 So the poor hath hope , and iniquity stoppeth her mouth .
even now .
" You sent me such a good account of yourself on Thursday !"
20 : 25 Wherefore I gave them also statutes that were not good , and judgments whereby they should not live ; 20 : 26 And I polluted them in their own gifts , in that they caused to pass through the fire all that openeth the womb , that I might make them desolate , to the end that they might know that I am the LORD .
Is any called in uncircumcision ?
3 : 19 And this woman ' s child died in the night ; because she overlaid it .
22 : 13 If it be torn in pieces , then let him bring it for witness , and he shall not make good that which was torn .
4 : 15 For though ye have ten thousand instructers in Christ , yet have ye not many fathers : for in Christ Jesus I have begotten you through the gospel .
I wish he may be induced to call here .
Should I receive comfort in these ?
13 : 7 There is that maketh himself rich , yet hath nothing : there is that maketh himself poor , yet hath great riches .
You cannot be ignorant , Mrs . Elton , of my connexion with the family , nor of the treatment I have met with ; and , between ourselves , the whole blame of it is to be laid to her .
I was repulsed indeed !
She could not flatter herself with any idea of blindness in his attachment to _her_ .
Then all the disciples forsook him , and fled .
5 : 7 And he came and took the book out of the right hand of him that sat upon the throne .
8 : 5 And he asked them , How many loaves have ye ?
140 : 1 Deliver me , O LORD , from the evil man : preserve me from the violent man ;
4 : 2 And Reaiah the son of Shobal begat Jahath ; and Jahath begat Ahumai , and Lahad .
10 : 3 He saw in a vision evidently about the ninth hour of the day an angel of God coming in to him , and saying unto him , Cornelius .
24 : 27 And he said , Blessed be the LORD God of my master Abraham , who hath not left destitute my master of his mercy and his truth : I being in the way , the LORD led me to the house of my master ' s brethren .
Emma could not forgive her .
1 : 17 The seed is rotten under their clods , the garners are laid desolate , the barns are broken down ; for the corn is withered .
11 : 2 For I am jealous over you with godly jealousy : for I have espoused you to one husband , that I may present you as a chaste virgin to Christ .
25 : 22 So and more also do God unto the enemies of David , if I leave of all that pertain to him by the morning light any that pisseth against the wall .
8 : 2 And early in the morning he came again into the temple , and all the people came unto him ; and he sat down , and taught them .
7 : 4 The wife hath not power of her own body , but the husband : and likewise also the husband hath not power of his own body , but the wife .
9 : 42 And it came to pass on the morrow , that the people went out into the field ; and they told Abimelech .
18 : 12 And the man said unto Joab , Though I should receive a thousand shekels of silver in mine hand , yet would I not put forth mine hand against the king ' s son : for in our hearing the king charged thee and Abishai and Ittai , saying , Beware that none touch the young man Absalom .
" Not yet ," cried the other , concealing her terror , and assisting Marianne to lie down again , " but she will be here , I hope , before it is long .
So the sun stood still in the midst of heaven , and hasted not to go down about a whole day .
They gaily ascended the downs , rejoicing in their own penetration at every glimpse of blue sky ; and when they caught in their faces the animating gales of a high south - westerly wind , they pitied the fears which had prevented their mother and Elinor from sharing such delightful sensations .
13 : 24 The place was called the brook Eshcol , because of the cluster of grapes which the children of Israel cut down from thence .
8 : 15 He shall lean upon his house , but it shall not stand : he shall hold it fast , but it shall not endure .
9 : 5 For the living know that they shall die : but the dead know not any thing , neither have they any more a reward ; for the memory of them is forgotten .
He has been opening the doors very often this evening , and keeping them open very inconsiderately .
23 : 24 Thou shalt not bow down to their gods , nor serve them , nor do after their works : but thou shalt utterly overthrow them , and quite break down their images .
I shall not discuss it here .
But so eager and so resolute !
2 : 7 So went Satan forth from the presence of the LORD , and smote Job with sore boils from the sole of his foot unto his crown .
7 : 24 And Gideon sent messengers throughout all mount Ephraim , saying , come down against the Midianites , and take before them the waters unto Bethbarah and Jordan .
22 : 33 And when the multitude heard this , they were astonished at his doctrine .
Thou shalt not seethe a kid in his mother ' s milk .
14 : 20 And they brought him on horses : and he was buried at Jerusalem with his fathers in the city of David .
This could not be pardoned .
6 : 5 Wherefore ye shall make images of your emerods , and images of your mice that mar the land ; and ye shall give glory unto the God of Israel : peradventure he will lighten his hand from off you , and from off your gods , and from off your land .
12 : 12 Blessed is he that waiteth , and cometh to the thousand three hundred and five and thirty days .
39 : 29 Neither will I hide my face any more from them : for I have poured out my spirit upon the house of Israel , saith the Lord GOD .
46 : 16 He made many to fall , yea , one fell upon another : and they said , Arise , and let us go again to our own people , and to the land of our nativity , from the oppressing sword .
1 : 12 Of Dan ; Ahiezer the son of Ammishaddai .
" Rather say your mother ' s imprudence , my child ," said Mrs . Dashwood ; " SHE must be answerable ."
Many a time has Selina said , when she has been going to Bristol , ` I really cannot get this girl to move from the house .
25 : 20 And if ye shall say , What shall we eat the seventh year ?
choose you a man for you , and let him come down to me .
3 : 33 And the king lamented over Abner , and said , Died Abner as a fool dieth ?
But she was a very good woman , and if her second object was to be sensible and well - judging , her first was to see Anne happy .
Anne thought she left great happiness behind her when they quitted the house ; and Louisa , by whom she found herself walking , burst forth into raptures of admiration and delight on the character of the navy ; their friendliness , their brotherliness , their openness , their uprightness ; protesting that she was convinced of sailors having more worth and warmth than any other set of men in England ; that they only knew how to live , and they only deserved to be respected and loved .
2 : 7 And he brought up Hadassah , that is , Esther , his uncle ' s daughter : for she had neither father nor mother , and the maid was fair and beautiful ; whom Mordecai , when her father and mother were dead , took for his own daughter .
19 : 1 Now it came to pass after this , that Nahash the king of the children of Ammon died , and his son reigned in his stead .
8 : 12 And Moses and Aaron went out from Pharaoh : and Moses cried unto the LORD because of the frogs which he had brought against Pharaoh .
24 : 52 And they worshipped him , and returned to Jerusalem with great joy : 24 : 53 And were continually in the temple , praising and blessing God .
for because I have seen an angel of the LORD face to face .
2 : 42 Now the sons of Caleb the brother of Jerahmeel were , Mesha his firstborn , which was the father of Ziph ; and the sons of Mareshah the father of Hebron .
When your father and mother moved to Norland , though the furniture of Stanhill was sold , all the china , plate , and linen was saved , and is now left to your mother .
Considering how very handsome she is , she appears to be little occupied with it ; her vanity lies another way .
29 : 13 The blessing of him that was ready to perish came upon me : and I caused the widow ' s heart to sing for joy .
44 : 18 Then Judah came near unto him , and said , Oh my lord , let thy servant , I pray thee , speak a word in my lord ' s ears , and let not thine anger burn against thy servant : for thou art even as Pharaoh .
It must be so .
23 : 32 Behold , I am against them that prophesy false dreams , saith the LORD , and do tell them , and cause my people to err by their lies , and by their lightness ; yet I sent them not , nor commanded them : therefore they shall not profit this people at all , saith the LORD .
3 : 22 And the LORD God said , Behold , the man is become as one of us , to know good and evil : and now , lest he put forth his hand , and take also of the tree of life , and eat , and live for ever : 3 : 23 Therefore the LORD God sent him forth from the garden of Eden , to till the ground from whence he was taken .
In such moments Anne had no power of saying to herself , " These rooms ought to belong only to us .
5 : 18 Woe unto them that draw iniquity with cords of vanity , and sin as it were with a cart rope : 5 : 19 That say , Let him make speed , and hasten his work , that we may see it : and let the counsel of the Holy One of Israel draw nigh and come , that we may know it !
17 : 1 And the word of the LORD came unto me , saying , 17 : 2 Son of man , put forth a riddle , and speak a parable unto the house of Israel ; 17 : 3 And say , Thus saith the Lord GOD ; A great eagle with great wings , longwinged , full of feathers , which had divers colours , came unto Lebanon , and took the highest branch of the cedar : 17 : 4 He cropped off the top of his young twigs , and carried it into a land of traffick ; he set it in a city of merchants .
22 : 8 But as for the mighty man , he had the earth ; and the honourable man dwelt in it .
21 : 16 Lo , their good is not in their hand : the counsel of the wicked is far from me .
9 : 26 And Gaal the son of Ebed came with his brethren , and went over to Shechem : and the men of Shechem put their confidence in him .
13 : 8 For we can do nothing against the truth , but for the truth .
15 : 11 And when the fowls came down upon the carcases , Abram drove them away .
27 : 25 Cursed be he that taketh reward to slay an innocent person .
the pains I have been at to dispel those gloomy ideas and give him cheerfuller views !
29 : 26 Many seek the ruler ' s favour ; but every man ' s judgment cometh from the LORD .
9 : 6 Understand therefore , that the LORD thy God giveth thee not this good land to possess it for thy righteousness ; for thou art a stiffnecked people .
" I think her beautiful , quite beautiful ."
15 : 8 And I will make the land desolate , because they have committed a trespass , saith the Lord GOD .
11 : 1 Now faith is the substance of things hoped for , the evidence of things not seen .
15 : 23 But every man in his own order : Christ the firstfruits ; afterward they that are Christ ' s at his coming .
Palmer ?"
Thel answerd , O thou little virgin of the peaceful valley .
Harriet Smith marries Robert Martin ."
41 : 23 And the temple and the sanctuary had two doors .
19 : 12 Where are they ?
Emma was just describing the nature of her friend ' s complaint ;-- " a throat very much inflamed , with a great deal of heat about her , a quick , low pulse , & c . and she was sorry to find from Mrs . Goddard that Harriet was liable to very bad sore - throats , and had often alarmed her with them ."
the beasts are consumed , and the birds ; because they said , He shall not see our last end .
You are very kind .
16 : 19 And he shall sprinkle of the blood upon it with his finger seven times , and cleanse it , and hallow it from the uncleanness of the children of Israel .
The name of Willoughby , John Willoughby , frequently repeated , first caught my attention ; and what followed was a positive assertion that every thing was now finally settled respecting his marriage with Miss Grey -- it was no longer to be a secret -- it would take place even within a few weeks , with many particulars of preparations and other matters .
14 : 1 And all the congregation lifted up their voice , and cried ; and the people wept that night .
" Don ' t pretend to deny it , because you know it is what every body talks of .
99 : 9 Exalt the LORD our God , and worship at his holy hill ; for the LORD our God is holy .
Ladies and gentlemen -- I am ordered by Miss Woodhouse to say , that she waives her right of knowing exactly what you may all be thinking of , and only requires something very entertaining from each of you , in a general way .
The other circumstance of regret related also to Jane Fairfax ; and there she had no doubt .
11 : 18 Seeing that many glory after the flesh , I will glory also .
" Upon my word ," said Mr . Dashwood , " I believe you are perfectly right .
23 : 1 The LORD is my shepherd ; I shall not want .
1 : 18 Likewise shall the ladies of Persia and Media say this day unto all the king ' s princes , which have heard of the deed of the queen .
Now therefore come , and let us fall unto the host of the Syrians : if they save us alive , we shall live ; and if they kill us , we shall but die .
While Lady Elliot lived , there had been method , moderation , and economy , which had just kept him within his income ; but with her had died all such right - mindedness , and from that period he had been constantly exceeding it .
38 : 30 And therewith he made the sockets to the door of the tabernacle of the congregation , and the brasen altar , and the brasen grate for it , and all the vessels of the altar , 38 : 31 And the sockets of the court round about , and the sockets of the court gate , and all the pins of the tabernacle , and all the pins of the court round about .
33 : 42 And they departed from Zalmonah , and pitched in Punon .
what do you mean ?-- Mistake you !-- Am I to suppose then ?--"
Most gladly therefore will I rather glory in my infirmities , that the power of Christ may rest upon me .
9 : 28 And he was with them coming in and going out at Jerusalem .
21 : 8 And David said unto God , I have sinned greatly , because I have done this thing : but now , I beseech thee , do away the iniquity of thy servant ; for I have done very foolishly .
Such language for a young man entirely dependent , to use !-- Nobody but you , Mr . Knightley , would imagine it possible .
Sir Walter has resented it .
108 : 9 Moab is my washpot ; over Edom will I cast out my shoe ; over Philistia will I triumph .
27 : 7 And they took counsel , and bought with them the potter ' s field , to bury strangers in .
for ye compass sea and land to make one proselyte , and when he is made , ye make him twofold more the child of hell than yourselves .
Dixon in them ."
24 : 16 In the dark they dig through houses , which they had marked for themselves in the daytime : they know not the light .
14 : 14 And they smote all the cities round about Gerar ; for the fear of the LORD came upon them : and they spoiled all the cities ; for there was exceeding much spoil in them .
29 : 4 And Jacob said unto them , My brethren , whence be ye ?
So passed the first three weeks .
Mr . Weston entered into the idea with thorough enjoyment , and Mrs . Weston most willingly undertook to play as long as they could wish to dance ; and the interesting employment had followed , of reckoning up exactly who there would be , and portioning out the indispensable division of space to every couple .
21 : 12 Cry and howl , son of man : for it shall be upon my people , it shall be upon all the princes of Israel : terrors by reason of the sword shall be upon my people : smite therefore upon thy thigh .
Perry .-- I want his directions no more than his drugs ."
7 : 15 But if the unbelieving depart , let him depart .
if you knew !-- And can you believe me to be so , while I see you so wretched !"
" This is too bad ," cried Emma , as they turned away .
119 : 38 Stablish thy word unto thy servant , who is devoted to thy fear .
2 : 17 Honour all men .
29 : 10 For thus saith the LORD , That after seventy years be accomplished at Babylon I will visit you , and perform my good word toward you , in causing you to return to this place .
I perfectly understand Mr Robinson ' s directions , and have no fears ; and indeed , Mary , I cannot wonder at your husband .
24 : 4 And there were more chief men found of the sons of Eleazar than of the sons of Ithamar , and thus were they divided .
5 : 7 And it came to pass , when Hiram heard the words of Solomon , that he rejoiced greatly , and said , Blessed be the LORD this day , which hath given unto David a wise son over this great people .
And he judged Israel twenty years .
" Part of my lace is gone ," said she , " and I do not know how I am to contrive .
106 : 43 Many times did he deliver them ; but they provoked him with their counsel , and were brought low for their iniquity .
10 : 22 Behold , the noise of the bruit is come , and a great commotion out of the north country , to make the cities of Judah desolate , and a den of dragons .
9 : 9 But the olive tree said unto them , Should I leave my fatness , wherewith by me they honour God and man , and go to be promoted over the trees ?
51 : 9 Awake , awake , put on strength , O arm of the LORD ; awake , as in the ancient days , in the generations of old .
6 : 14 These be the heads of their fathers ' houses : The sons of Reuben the firstborn of Israel ; Hanoch , and Pallu , Hezron , and Carmi : these be the families of Reuben .
" I have heard ," said he , with great compassion , " of the injustice your friend Mr . Ferrars has suffered from his family ; for if I understand the matter right , he has been entirely cast off by them for persevering in his engagement with a very deserving young woman .-- Have I been rightly informed ?-- Is it so ?--"
You will have much pleasure in being in London , and especially in being together ; and if Elinor would ever condescend to anticipate enjoyment , she would foresee it there from a variety of sources ; she would , perhaps , expect some from improving her acquaintance with her sister - in - law ' s family ."
So he returned with shame of face to his own land .
2 : 25 Yet I supposed it necessary to send to you Epaphroditus , my brother , and companion in labour , and fellowsoldier , but your messenger , and he that ministered to my wants .
And Jonathan brought David to Saul , and he was in his presence , as in times past .
6 : 13 Neither yield ye your members as instruments of unrighteousness unto sin : but yield yourselves unto God , as those that are alive from the dead , and your members as instruments of righteousness unto God .
4 : 25 For he that hath , to him shall be given : and he that hath not , from him shall be taken even that which he hath .
16 : 22 And they fell upon their faces , and said , O God , the God of the spirits of all flesh , shall one man sin , and wilt thou be wroth with all the congregation ?
4 : 1 Hear the word of the LORD , ye children of Israel : for the LORD hath a controversy with the inhabitants of the land , because there is no truth , nor mercy , nor knowledge of God in the land .
16 : 30 And Ahab the son of Omri did evil in the sight of the LORD above all that were before him .
7 : 20 Therefore thus saith the Lord GOD ; Behold , mine anger and my fury shall be poured out upon this place , upon man , and upon beast , and upon the trees of the field , and upon the fruit of the ground ; and it shall burn , and shall not be quenched .
8 : 16 And he took the elders of the city , and thorns of the wilderness and briers , and with them he taught the men of Succoth .
12 : 22 And ye shall take a bunch of hyssop , and dip it in the blood that is in the bason , and strike the lintel and the two side posts with the blood that is in the bason ; and none of you shall go out at the door of his house until the morning .
No , Emma , your amiable young man can be amiable only in French , not in English .
Then , in rising day , On the grass they play ; Parents were afar , Strangers came not near , And the maiden soon forgot her fear .
3 : 14 If any man ' s work abide which he hath built thereupon , he shall receive a reward .
20 : 1 It came to pass after this also , that the children of Moab , and the children of Ammon , and with them other beside the Ammonites , came against Jehoshaphat to battle .
But who else was there to employ ?
22 : 20 And it shall come to pass in that day , that I will call my servant Eliakim the son of Hilkiah : 22 : 21 And I will clothe him with thy robe , and strengthen him with thy girdle , and I will commit thy government into his hand : and he shall be a father to the inhabitants of Jerusalem , and to the house of Judah .
45 : 22 And upon that day shall the prince prepare for himself and for all the people of the land a bullock for a sin offering .
15 : 21 And the uttermost cities of the tribe of the children of Judah toward the coast of Edom southward were Kabzeel , and Eder , and Jagur , 15 : 22 And Kinah , and Dimonah , and Adadah , 15 : 23 And Kedesh , and Hazor , and Ithnan , 15 : 24 Ziph , and Telem , and Bealoth , 15 : 25 And Hazor , Hadattah , and Kerioth , and Hezron , which is Hazor , 15 : 26 Amam , and Shema , and Moladah , 15 : 27 And Hazargaddah , and Heshmon , and Bethpalet , 15 : 28 And Hazarshual , and Beersheba , and Bizjothjah , 15 : 29 Baalah , and Iim , and Azem , 15 : 30 And Eltolad , and Chesil , and Hormah , 15 : 31 And Ziklag , and Madmannah , and Sansannah , 15 : 32 And Lebaoth , and Shilhim , and Ain , and Rimmon : all the cities are twenty and nine , with their villages : 15 : 33 And in the valley , Eshtaol , and Zoreah , and Ashnah , 15 : 34 And Zanoah , and Engannim , Tappuah , and Enam , 15 : 35 Jarmuth , and Adullam , Socoh , and Azekah , 15 : 36 And Sharaim , and Adithaim , and Gederah , and Gederothaim ; fourteen cities with their villages : 15 : 37 Zenan , and Hadashah , and Migdalgad , 15 : 38 And Dilean , and Mizpeh , and Joktheel , 15 : 39 Lachish , and Bozkath , and Eglon , 15 : 40 And Cabbon , and Lahmam , and Kithlish , 15 : 41 And Gederoth , Bethdagon , and Naamah , and Makkedah ; sixteen cities with their villages : 15 : 42 Libnah , and Ether , and Ashan , 15 : 43 And Jiphtah , and Ashnah , and Nezib , 15 : 44 And Keilah , and Achzib , and Mareshah ; nine cities with their villages : 15 : 45 Ekron , with her towns and her villages : 15 : 46 From Ekron even unto the sea , all that lay near Ashdod , with their villages : 15 : 47 Ashdod with her towns and her villages , Gaza with her towns and her villages , unto the river of Egypt , and the great sea , and the border thereof : 15 : 48 And in the mountains , Shamir , and Jattir , and Socoh , 15 : 49 And Dannah , and Kirjathsannah , which is Debir , 15 : 50 And Anab , and Eshtemoh , and Anim , 15 : 51 And Goshen , and Holon , and Giloh ; eleven cities with their villages : 15 : 52 Arab , and Dumah , and Eshean , 15 : 53 And Janum , and Bethtappuah , and Aphekah , 15 : 54 And Humtah , and Kirjatharba , which is Hebron , and Zior ; nine cities with their villages : 15 : 55 Maon , Carmel , and Ziph , and Juttah , 15 : 56 And Jezreel , and Jokdeam , and Zanoah , 15 : 57 Cain , Gibeah , and Timnah ; ten cities with their villages : 15 : 58 Halhul , Bethzur , and Gedor , 15 : 59 And Maarath , and Bethanoth , and Eltekon ; six cities with their villages : 15 : 60 Kirjathbaal , which is Kirjathjearim , and Rabbah ; two cities with their villages : 15 : 61 In the wilderness , Betharabah , Middin , and Secacah , 15 : 62 And Nibshan , and the city of Salt , and Engedi ; six cities with their villages .
However it might end , he was without any question their pleasantest acquaintance in Bath : she saw nobody equal to him ; and it was a great indulgence now and then to talk to him about Lyme , which he seemed to have as lively a wish to see again , and to see more of , as herself .
23 : 31 Then the soldiers , as it was commanded them , took Paul , and brought him by night to Antipatris .
And they said , He is well : and , behold , Rachel his daughter cometh with the sheep .
And they came before the king .
She came solitarily down the gravel walk -- a Miss Martin just appearing at the door , and parting with her seemingly with ceremonious civility .
10 : 34 And the cloud of the LORD was upon them by day , when they went out of the camp .
We hear of him for ever at some watering - place or other .
11 : 34 And he called the name of that place Kibrothhattaavah : because there they buried the people that lusted .
28 : 17 And it came to pass , that after three days Paul called the chief of the Jews together : and when they were come together , he said unto them , Men and brethren , though I have committed nothing against the people , or customs of our fathers , yet was I delivered prisoner from Jerusalem into the hands of the Romans .
The servant , who saw only that Miss Marianne was taken ill , had sense enough to call one of the maids , who , with Mrs . Dashwood ' s assistance , supported her into the other room .
All the privilege I claim for my own sex ( it is not a very enviable one ; you need not covet it ), is that of loving longest , when existence or when hope is gone ."
How will a conundrum reckon ?"
16 : 14 Now the rest of the acts of Elah , and all that he did , are they not written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Israel ?
4 : 33 And with many such parables spake he the word unto them , as they were able to hear it .
Then open the door , and flee , and tarry not .
" No , indeed -- _we_ are not at all in a bad air .
This event , while it raised the spirits of Elinor , restored to those of her sister all , and more than all , their former agitation .
" You , sir , may say any thing ," cried Mr . Elton , " but I must confess that I regard it as a most happy thought , the placing of Miss Smith out of doors ; and the tree is touched with such inimitable spirit !
13 : 20 And Absalom her brother said unto her , Hath Amnon thy brother been with thee ?
18 : 14 And when Moses ' father in law saw all that he did to the people , he said , What is this thing that thou doest to the people ?
John , the second , is named after his father .
She ran away to indulge the inclination , leaving the tender and the sublime of pleasure to Harriet ' s share .
whosoever therefore will be a friend of the world is the enemy of God .
( with a little sigh of sentiment ).
11 : 51 And this spake he not of himself : but being high priest that year , he prophesied that Jesus should die for that nation ; 11 : 52 And not for that nation only , but that also he should gather together in one the children of God that were scattered abroad .
26 : 51 And , behold , one of them which were with Jesus stretched out his hand , and drew his sword , and struck a servant of the high priest ' s , and smote off his ear .
There had been three alternatives , London , Bath , or another house in the country .
We never could agree in our choice of a profession .
7 : 15 And the flesh of the sacrifice of his peace offerings for thanksgiving shall be eaten the same day that it is offered ; he shall not leave any of it until the morning .
39 : 14 And they shall sever out men of continual employment , passing through the land to bury with the passengers those that remain upon the face of the earth , to cleanse it : after the end of seven months shall they search .
7 : 14 They have blown the trumpet , even to make all ready ; but none goeth to the battle : for my wrath is upon all the multitude thereof .
25 : 11 When men strive together one with another , and the wife of the one draweth near for to deliver her husband out of the hand of him that smiteth him , and putteth forth her hand , and taketh him by the secrets : 25 : 12 Then thou shalt cut off her hand , thine eye shall not pity her .
.
9 : 1 For as touching the ministering to the saints , it is superfluous for me to write to you : 9 : 2 For I know the forwardness of your mind , for which I boast of you to them of Macedonia , that Achaia was ready a year ago ; and your zeal hath provoked very many .
32 : 26 And he said , Let me go , for the day breaketh .
14 : 32 And Absalom answered Joab , Behold , I sent unto thee , saying , Come hither , that I may send thee to the king , to say , Wherefore am I come from Geshur ?
19 : 8 Then the king arose , and sat in the gate .
13 : 10 And thou shalt stone him with stones , that he die ; because he hath sought to thrust thee away from the LORD thy God , which brought thee out of the land of Egypt , from the house of bondage .
The dinner , already ordered at the inn , was at last , though unwillingly , accepted as a excuse ; but they seemed almost hurt that Captain Wentworth should have brought any such party to Lyme , without considering it as a thing of course that they should dine with them .
" No , certainly not ; I shall go home in the cool of the evening ."
And he arose immediately .
32 : 16 Then judgment shall dwell in the wilderness , and righteousness remain in the fruitful field .
I had no hope of interfering with success ; and sometimes I thought your sister ' s influence might yet reclaim him .
7 : 25 And thou , Ezra , after the wisdom of thy God , that is in thine hand , set magistrates and judges , which may judge all the people that are beyond the river , all such as know the laws of thy God ; and teach ye them that know them not .
Respect would be added to affection .
" But the imprudence of such a match !"
And immediately the cock crew .
But I too have been thinking over the past , and a question has suggested itself , whether there may not have been one person more my enemy even than that lady ?
24 : 42 And I came this day unto the well , and said , O LORD God of my master Abraham , if now thou do prosper my way which I go : 24 : 43 Behold , I stand by the well of water ; and it shall come to pass , that when the virgin cometh forth to draw water , and I say to her , Give me , I pray thee , a little water of thy pitcher to drink ; 24 : 44 And she say to me , Both drink thou , and I will also draw for thy camels : let the same be the woman whom the LORD hath appointed out for my master ' s son .
1 : 44 And the king hath sent with him Zadok the priest , and Nathan the prophet , and Benaiah the son of Jehoiada , and the Cherethites , and the Pelethites , and they have caused him to ride upon the king ' s mule : 1 : 45 And Zadok the priest and Nathan the prophet have anointed him king in Gihon : and they are come up from thence rejoicing , so that the city rang again .
26 : 29 And thou shalt overlay the boards with gold , and make their rings of gold for places for the bars : and thou shalt overlay the bars with gold .
Emma ' s very good opinion of Frank Churchill was a little shaken the following day , by hearing that he was gone off to London , merely to have his hair cut .
44 : 29 And this shall be a sign unto you , saith the LORD , that I will punish you in this place , that ye may know that my words shall surely stand against you for evil : 44 : 30 Thus saith the LORD ; Behold , I will give Pharaohhophra king of Egypt into the hand of his enemies , and into the hand of them that seek his life ; as I gave Zedekiah king of Judah into the hand of Nebuchadrezzar king of Babylon , his enemy , and that sought his life .
28 : 21 And , behold , the courses of the priests and the Levites , even they shall be with thee for all the service of the house of God : and there shall be with thee for all manner of workmanship every willing skilful man , for any manner of service : also the princes and all the people will be wholly at thy commandment .
139 : 8 If I ascend up into heaven , thou art there : if I make my bed in hell , behold , thou art there .
23 : 9 And there arose a great cry : and the scribes that were of the Pharisees ' part arose , and strove , saying , We find no evil in this man : but if a spirit or an angel hath spoken to him , let us not fight against God .
The couplet does not cease to be , nor does its meaning change .
And I must say , I think she was used very hardly ; for your sister scolded like any fury , and soon drove her into a fainting fit .
9 : 5 And to the others he said in mine hearing , Go ye after him through the city , and smite : let not your eye spare , neither have ye pity : 9 : 6 Slay utterly old and young , both maids , and little children , and women : but come not near any man upon whom is the mark ; and begin at my sanctuary .
8 : 34 And , behold , the whole city came out to meet Jesus : and when they saw him , they besought him that he would depart out of their coasts .
is there no king in thee ?
Should she proceed no farther ?-- should she let it pass , and seem to suspect nothing ?-- Perhaps Harriet might think her cold or angry if she did ; or perhaps if she were totally silent , it might only drive Harriet into asking her to hear too much ; and against any thing like such an unreserve as had been , such an open and frequent discussion of hopes and chances , she was perfectly resolved .-- She believed it would be wiser for her to say and know at once , all that she meant to say and know .
28 : 10 And Jacob went out from Beersheba , and went toward Haran .
Besides , I can tell where I am used well ; The poor parsons with wind like a blown bladder swell .
51 : 10 Art thou not it which hath dried the sea , the waters of the great deep ; that hath made the depths of the sea a way for the ransomed to pass over ?
" If her heart does ache , Then let Lyca wake ; If my mother sleep , Lyca shall not weep .
145 : 14 The LORD upholdeth all that fall , and raiseth up all those that be bowed down .
19 : 7 And when the man rose up to depart , his father in law urged him : therefore he lodged there again .
43 : 28 And they answered , Thy servant our father is in good health , he is yet alive .
10 : 21 But to Israel he saith , All day long I have stretched forth my hands unto a disobedient and gainsaying people .
45 : 6 And ye shall appoint the possession of the city five thousand broad , and five and twenty thousand long , over against the oblation of the holy portion : it shall be for the whole house of Israel .
One set might recommend their all removing to Donwell , and leaving Hartfield for the John Knightleys ; and another might predict disagreements among their servants ; but yet , upon the whole , there was no serious objection raised , except in one habitation , the Vicarage .-- There , the surprize was not softened by any satisfaction .
they were infinitely worse .
But he , knowing their hypocrisy , said unto them , Why tempt ye me ?
27 : 22 And Moses did as the LORD commanded him : and he took Joshua , and set him before Eleazar the priest , and before all the congregation : 27 : 23 And he laid his hands upon him , and gave him a charge , as the LORD commanded by the hand of Moses .
27 : 50 Jesus , when he had cried again with a loud voice , yielded up the ghost .
A very few days had passed after this adventure , when Harriet came one morning to Emma with a small parcel in her hand , and after sitting down and hesitating , thus began :
Consider , she is sitting down -- which naturally presents a different -- which in short gives exactly the idea -- and the proportions must be preserved , you know .
Lord !
And he sat down , and taught the people out of the ship .
18 : 20 Then there came out a spirit , and stood before the LORD , and said , I will entice him .
5 : 12 And we beseech you , brethren , to know them which labour among you , and are over you in the Lord , and admonish you ; 5 : 13 And to esteem them very highly in love for their work ' s sake .
I want you to call me something else , but I do not know what ."
1 : 37 Also the LORD was angry with me for your sakes , saying , Thou also shalt not go in thither .
And he said unto him , Go back again : for what have I done to thee ?
23 : 28 Wherefore Saul returned from pursuing after David , and went against the Philistines : therefore they called that place Selahammahlekoth .
37 : 14 And Hezekiah received the letter from the hand of the messengers , and read it : and Hezekiah went up unto the house of the LORD , and spread it before the LORD .
119 : 11 Thy word have I hid in mine heart , that I might not sin against thee .
25 : 22 Then Agrippa said unto Festus , I would also hear the man myself .
He sat by her at dinner .
" But , my dear sir , the difference of the journey ;-- only consider how great it would have been .-- An hundred miles , perhaps , instead of forty ."
6 : 8 Then cried he upon me , and spake unto me , saying , Behold , these that go toward the north country have quieted my spirit in the north country .
23 : 27 Thus will I make thy lewdness to cease from thee , and thy whoredom brought from the land of Egypt : so that thou shalt not lift up thine eyes unto them , nor remember Egypt any more .
1 : 2 O LORD , how long shall I cry , and thou wilt not hear !
50 : 7 Hear , O my people , and I will speak ; O Israel , and I will testify against thee : I am God , even thy God .
28 : 12 The LORD shall open unto thee his good treasure , the heaven to give the rain unto thy land in his season , and to bless all the work of thine hand : and thou shalt lend unto many nations , and thou shalt not borrow .
21 : 13 Behold , I am against thee , O inhabitant of the valley , and rock of the plain , saith the LORD ; which say , Who shall come down against us ?
31 : 3 Behold , the Assyrian was a cedar in Lebanon with fair branches , and with a shadowing shroud , and of an high stature ; and his top was among the thick boughs .
Wherefore the name of the place is called Gilgal unto this day .
Somehow or other I never happened to be staying at Barton while he was at Allenham .
15 : 21 For Moses of old time hath in every city them that preach him , being read in the synagogues every sabbath day .
7 : 4 And with them , by their generations , after the house of their fathers , were bands of soldiers for war , six and thirty thousand men : for they had many wives and sons .
23 : 15 Now therefore ye with the council signify to the chief captain that he bring him down unto you to morrow , as though ye would enquire something more perfectly concerning him : and we , or ever he come near , are ready to kill him .
9 : 62 And Jesus said unto him , No man , having put his hand to the plough , and looking back , is fit for the kingdom of God .
50 : 17 Israel is a scattered sheep ; the lions have driven him away : first the king of Assyria hath devoured him ; and last this Nebuchadrezzar king of Babylon hath broken his bones .
I am not saying that she did not err in her advice .
71 : 3 Be thou my strong habitation , whereunto I may continually resort : thou hast given commandment to save me ; for thou art my rock and my fortress .
41 : 21 His breath kindleth coals , and a flame goeth out of his mouth .
9 : 22 And it came to pass , when Joram saw Jehu , that he said , Is it peace , Jehu ?
44 : 18 Our heart is not turned back , neither have our steps declined from thy way ;
And all the congregation blessed the LORD God of their fathers , and bowed down their heads , and worshipped the LORD , and the king .
As her eyes fell on him , his seemed to be withdrawn from her .
16 : 25 But Omri wrought evil in the eyes of the LORD , and did worse than all that were before him .
" Indeed , the truth was , that poor dear Jane could not bear to see any body -- any body at all -- Mrs . Elton , indeed , could not be denied -- and Mrs . Cole had made such a point -- and Mrs . Perry had said so much -- but , except them , Jane would really see nobody ."
7 : 3 And there were four leprous men at the entering in of the gate : and they said one to another , Why sit we here until we die ?
29 : 12 Both riches and honour come of thee , and thou reignest over all ; and in thine hand is power and might ; and in thine hand it is to make great , and to give strength unto all .
In that house Elizabeth must be first ; and she was in the habit of such general observance as " Miss Elliot ," that any particularity of attention seemed almost impossible .
37 : 15 And he made the staves of shittim wood , and overlaid them with gold , to bear the table .
21 : 5 And if the servant shall plainly say , I love my master , my wife , and my children ; I will not go out free : 21 : 6 Then his master shall bring him unto the judges ; he shall also bring him to the door , or unto the door post ; and his master shall bore his ear through with an aul ; and he shall serve him for ever .
11 : 21 And Rehoboam loved Maachah the daughter of Absalom above all his wives and his concubines : ( for he took eighteen wives , and threescore concubines ; and begat twenty and eight sons , and threescore daughters .)
12 : 46 While he yet talked to the people , behold , his mother and his brethren stood without , desiring to speak with him .
4 : 13 And he said unto him , Say now unto her , Behold , thou hast been careful for us with all this care ; what is to be done for thee ?
13 : 24 Or if there be any flesh , in the skin whereof there is a hot burning , and the quick flesh that burneth have a white bright spot , somewhat reddish , or white ; 13 : 25 Then the priest shall look upon it : and , behold , if the hair in the bright spot be turned white , and it be in sight deeper than the skin ; it is a leprosy broken out of the burning : wherefore the priest shall pronounce him unclean : it is the plague of leprosy .
19 : 14 And Moses went down from the mount unto the people , and sanctified the people ; and they washed their clothes .
She is pretty , and she is good tempered , and that is all .
Miss Marianne must not expect to have all the men to herself .
At this moment Frank began talking so vigorously , that Emma could not but imagine he had overheard his own praises , and did not want to hear more ;-- and the voices of the ladies were drowned for a while , till another suspension brought Mrs . Elton ' s tones again distinctly forward .-- Mr .
1 : 19 Then Joseph her husband , being a just man , and not willing to make her a publick example , was minded to put her away privily .
9 : 17 And there stood a watchman on the tower in Jezreel , and he spied the company of Jehu as he came , and said , I see a company .
And he said , I am .
106 : 9 He rebuked the Red sea also , and it was dried up : so he led them through the depths , as through the wilderness .
6 : 13 And they cast out many devils , and anointed with oil many that were sick , and healed them .
It was not merely complaisance , it must be a liking to the cause , which made him enter warmly into her father and sister ' s solicitudes on a subject which she thought unworthy to excite them .
2 : 15 For we are unto God a sweet savour of Christ , in them that are saved , and in them that perish : 2 : 16 To the one we are the savour of death unto death ; and to the other the savour of life unto life .
7 : 38 This is he , that was in the church in the wilderness with the angel which spake to him in the mount Sina , and with our fathers : who received the lively oracles to give unto us : 7 : 39 To whom our fathers would not obey , but thrust him from them , and in their hearts turned back again into Egypt , 7 : 40 Saying unto Aaron , Make us gods to go before us : for as for this Moses , which brought us out of the land of Egypt , we wot not what is become of him .
14 : 29 And he said , Come .
11 : 24 Wilt not thou possess that which Chemosh thy god giveth thee to possess ?
8 : 21 And I have set there a place for the ark , wherein is the covenant of the LORD , which he made with our fathers , when he brought them out of the land of Egypt .
1 : 17 For the law was given by Moses , but grace and truth came by Jesus Christ .
I will not apologize therefore for bringing it forward again ."
repeated Mrs . Elton .
2 : 27 And there came a man of God unto Eli , and said unto him , Thus saith the LORD , Did I plainly appear unto the house of thy father , when they were in Egypt in Pharaoh ' s house ?
3 : 4 And Jonah began to enter into the city a day ' s journey , and he cried , and said , Yet forty days , and Nineveh shall be overthrown .
145 : 20 The LORD preserveth all them that love him : but all the wicked will he destroy .
41 : 13 Now it came to pass , that when all the people which were with Ishmael saw Johanan the son of Kareah , and all the captains of the forces that were with him , then they were glad .
48 : 9 And Joseph said unto his father , They are my sons , whom God hath given me in this place .
And they kept it close , and told no man in those days any of those things which they had seen .
2 : 16 Let no man therefore judge you in meat , or in drink , or in respect of an holyday , or of the new moon , or of the sabbath days : 2 : 17 Which are a shadow of things to come ; but the body is of Christ .
9 : 25 And every man that striveth for the mastery is temperate in all things .
The Fourth Book of the Kings
" He told me at parting , that he should soon write ; and he spoke in a manner which seemed to promise me many particulars that could not be given now .
" Did you ever see such a skin ?-- such smoothness !
8 : 4 They have set up kings , but not by me : they have made princes , and I knew it not : of their silver and their gold have they made them idols , that they may be cut off .
And Achish said to David , Therefore will I make thee keeper of mine head for ever .
` Dearer , much dearer than ever .'
8 : 4 And Ezra the scribe stood upon a pulpit of wood , which they had made for the purpose ; and beside him stood Mattithiah , and Shema , and Anaiah , and Urijah , and Hilkiah , and Maaseiah , on his right hand ; and on his left hand , Pedaiah , and Mishael , and Malchiah , and Hashum , and Hashbadana , Zechariah , and Meshullam .
I will have nothing to do with it .
105 : 29 He turned their waters into blood , and slew their fish .
15 : 14 And I myself also am persuaded of you , my brethren , that ye also are full of goodness , filled with all knowledge , able also to admonish one another .
8 : 1 And when he had opened the seventh seal , there was silence in heaven about the space of half an hour .
Also thou shalt be cut down , O Madmen ; the sword shall pursue thee .
27 : 2 And he did that which was right in the sight of the LORD , according to all that his father Uzziah did : howbeit he entered not into the temple of the LORD .
24 : 19 And he did that which was evil in the sight of the LORD , according to all that Jehoiakim had done .
It was an office in short , from which , unwilling to give Edward the pain of receiving an obligation from HER , she would have been very glad to be spared herself ;-- but Colonel Brandon , on motives of equal delicacy , declining it likewise , still seemed so desirous of its being given through her means , that she would not on any account make farther opposition .
39 : 27 Doth the eagle mount up at thy command , and make her nest on high ?
1 : 23 Moreover I call God for a record upon my soul , that to spare you I came not as yet unto Corinth .
She saith unto him , Grant that these my two sons may sit , the one on thy right hand , and the other on the left , in thy kingdom .
She feared that under this persuasion she had been unjust , inattentive , nay , almost unkind , to her Elinor ;-- that Marianne ' s affliction , because more acknowledged , more immediately before her , had too much engrossed her tenderness , and led her away to forget that in Elinor she might have a daughter suffering almost as much , certainly with less self - provocation , and greater fortitude .
26 : 31 Then saith Jesus unto them , All ye shall be offended because of me this night : for it is written , I will smite the shepherd , and the sheep of the flock shall be scattered abroad .
10 : 38 And Joshua returned , and all Israel with him , to Debir ; and fought against it : 10 : 39 And he took it , and the king thereof , and all the cities thereof ; and they smote them with the edge of the sword , and utterly destroyed all the souls that were therein ; he left none remaining : as he had done to Hebron , so he did to Debir , and to the king thereof ; as he had done also to Libnah , and to her king .
Her sister , though comparatively but little removed by matrimony , being settled in London , only sixteen miles off , was much beyond her daily reach ; and many a long October and November evening must be struggled through at Hartfield , before Christmas brought the next visit from Isabella and her husband , and their little children , to fill the house , and give her pleasant society again .
19 : 17 Thou shalt not hate thy brother in thine heart : thou shalt in any wise rebuke thy neighbour , and not suffer sin upon him .
27 : 19 And Jacob said unto his father , I am Esau thy first born ; I have done according as thou badest me : arise , I pray thee , sit and eat of my venison , that thy soul may bless me .
13 : 59 This is the law of the plague of leprosy in a garment of woollen or linen , either in the warp , or woof , or any thing of skins , to pronounce it clean , or to pronounce it unclean .
And she said , I will go .
" I have hardly seen you since our day at Lyme .
she cried in evident embarrassment , " it all meant nothing ; a mere joke among ourselves ."
6 : 31 And he said unto them , Come ye yourselves apart into a desert place , and rest a while : for there were many coming and going , and they had no leisure so much as to eat .
The insipidity of the meeting was exactly such as Elinor had expected ; it produced not one novelty of thought or expression , and nothing could be less interesting than the whole of their discourse both in the dining parlour and drawing room : to the latter , the children accompanied them , and while they remained there , she was too well convinced of the impossibility of engaging Lucy ' s attention to attempt it .
3 : 13 Hear ye , and testify in the house of Jacob , saith the Lord GOD , the God of hosts , 3 : 14 That in the day that I shall visit the transgressions of Israel upon him I will also visit the altars of Bethel : and the horns of the altar shall be cut off , and fall to the ground .
" Yes , upon my word , very considerable .
11 : 8 And their dead bodies shall lie in the street of the great city , which spiritually is called Sodom and Egypt , where also our Lord was crucified .
Her opinion varying with every fresh conjecture , and all seeming equally probable as they arose .
2 : 25 If one man sin against another , the judge shall judge him : but if a man sin against the LORD , who shall intreat for him ?
25 : 1 And the LORD spake unto Moses , saying , 25 : 2 Speak unto the children of Israel , that they bring me an offering : of every man that giveth it willingly with his heart ye shall take my offering .
She fell into violent hysterics immediately , with such screams as reached your brother ' s ears , as he was sitting in his own dressing - room down stairs , thinking about writing a letter to his steward in the country .
16 : 3 And they said among themselves , Who shall roll us away the stone from the door of the sepulchre ?
1 : 8 Now there arose up a new king over Egypt , which knew not Joseph .
was scarcely less warm than hers ; and whose mind -- Oh !
7 : 16 Jesus answered them , and said , My doctrine is not mine , but his that sent me .
Tell me , I charge you tell me this moment what it is ."
63 : 15 Look down from heaven , and behold from the habitation of thy holiness and of thy glory : where is thy zeal and thy strength , the sounding of thy bowels and of thy mercies toward me ?
11 : 4 And forgive us our sins ; for we also forgive every one that is indebted to us .
Emma was not thinking of it at the moment , which made the information she received more valuable .
1 : 11 Therefore they did set over them taskmasters to afflict them with their burdens .
Selah .
The possibility of the young man ' s coming to Mrs . Goddard ' s that morning , and meeting with Harriet and pleading his own cause , gave alarming ideas .
1 : 28 Whither shall we go up ?
29 : 2 Give unto the LORD the glory due unto his name ; worship the LORD in the beauty of holiness .
27 : 5 And thou shalt put it under the compass of the altar beneath , that the net may be even to the midst of the altar .
30 : 9 What profit is there in my blood , when I go down to the pit ?
7 : 66 On the tenth day Ahiezer the son of Ammishaddai , prince of the children of Dan , offered : 7 : 67 His offering was one silver charger , the weight whereof was an hundred and thirty shekels , one silver bowl of seventy shekels , after the shekel of the sanctuary ; both of them full of fine flour mingled with oil for a meat offering : 7 : 68 One golden spoon of ten shekels , full of incense : 7 : 69 One young bullock , one ram , one lamb of the first year , for a burnt offering : 7 : 70 One kid of the goats for a sin offering : 7 : 71 And for a sacrifice of peace offerings , two oxen , five rams , five he goats , five lambs of the first year : this was the offering of Ahiezer the son of Ammishaddai .
23 : 20 Whoso therefore shall swear by the altar , sweareth by it , and by all things thereon .
he is black at heart , hollow and black !"
I have been walking all this way in complete suspense .
I wish as well as every body else to be perfectly happy ; but , like every body else it must be in my own way .
3 : 7 Know ye therefore that they which are of faith , the same are the children of Abraham .
1 : 8 For God is my record , how greatly I long after you all in the bowels of Jesus Christ .
5 : 1 The elders which are among you I exhort , who am also an elder , and a witness of the sufferings of Christ , and also a partaker of the glory that shall be revealed : 5 : 2 Feed the flock of God which is among you , taking the oversight thereof , not by constraint , but willingly ; not for filthy lucre , but of a ready mind ; 5 : 3 Neither as being lords over God ' s heritage , but being ensamples to the flock .
18 : 18 And these went into Micah ' s house , and fetched the carved image , the ephod , and the teraphim , and the molten image .
Miss Elliot , do you remember our walking together at Lyme , and grieving for him ?
Nobody could be so imprudent !
12 : 28 And the children of Israel went away , and did as the LORD had commanded Moses and Aaron , so did they .
1 : 12 Now therefore come , let me , I pray thee , give thee counsel , that thou mayest save thine own life , and the life of thy son Solomon .
That will be very bad ."
44 : 3 For I will pour water upon him that is thirsty , and floods upon the dry ground : I will pour my spirit upon thy seed , and my blessing upon thine offspring : 44 : 4 And they shall spring up as among the grass , as willows by the water courses .
21 : 6 And he said unto her , Because I spake unto Naboth the Jezreelite , and said unto him , Give me thy vineyard for money ; or else , if it please thee , I will give thee another vineyard for it : and he answered , I will not give thee my vineyard .
Her tears fell abundantly -- but her grief was so truly artless , that no dignity could have made it more respectable in Emma ' s eyes -- and she listened to her and tried to console her with all her heart and understanding -- really for the time convinced that Harriet was the superior creature of the two -- and that to resemble her would be more for her own welfare and happiness than all that genius or intelligence could do .
3 : 14 And the LORD spake unto Moses in the wilderness of Sinai , saying , 3 : 15 Number the children of Levi after the house of their fathers , by their families : every male from a month old and upward shalt thou number them .
1 : 13 O thou inhabitant of Lachish , bind the chariot to the swift beast : she is the beginning of the sin to the daughter of Zion : for the transgressions of Israel were found in thee .
19 : 10 More to be desired are they than gold , yea , than much fine gold : sweeter also than honey and the honeycomb .
She went on , however .
" Charles may say what he pleases ," cried Mary to Anne , as soon as he was out of the room , " but it would be shocking to have Henrietta marry Charles Hayter ; a very bad thing for her , and still worse for me ; and therefore it is very much to be wished that Captain Wentworth may soon put him quite out of her head , and I have very little doubt that he has .
15 : 7 And for a drink offering thou shalt offer the third part of an hin of wine , for a sweet savour unto the LORD .
that the idol is any thing , or that which is offered in sacrifice to idols is any thing ?
16 : 26 And suddenly there was a great earthquake , so that the foundations of the prison were shaken : and immediately all the doors were opened , and every one ' s bands were loosed .
She had a strong impression of his having said , in a vext tone of voice , after Captain Wentworth ' s interference , " You ought to have minded me , Walter ; I told you not to teaze your aunt ;" and could comprehend his regretting that Captain Wentworth should do what he ought to have done himself .
Howbeit the Levites hastened it not .
11 : 9 Neither was the man created for the woman ; but the woman for the man .
I have some little concern in the business , as well as yourself , for Lucy Steele is my cousin , and I believe there is not a better kind of girl in the world , nor one who more deserves a good husband ."
Chapter 23
6 : 16 And he answered , Fear not : for they that be with us are more than they that be with them .
18 : 20 The soul that sinneth , it shall die .
6 : 13 Therefore they gathered them together , and filled twelve baskets with the fragments of the five barley loaves , which remained over and above unto them that had eaten .
14 : 10 And now , behold , the LORD hath kept me alive , as he said , these forty and five years , even since the LORD spake this word unto Moses , while the children of Israel wandered in the wilderness : and now , lo , I am this day fourscore and five years old .
7 : 36 And he charged them that they should tell no man : but the more he charged them , so much the more a great deal they published it ; 7 : 37 And were beyond measure astonished , saying , He hath done all things well : he maketh both the deaf to hear , and the dumb to speak .
said she .
103 : 16 For the wind passeth over it , and it is gone ; and the place thereof shall know it no more .
She had no difficulty in procuring Isabella ' s invitation ; and she was fortunate in having a sufficient reason for asking it , without resorting to invention .-- There was a tooth amiss .
31 : 1 And he heard the words of Laban ' s sons , saying , Jacob hath taken away all that was our father ' s ; and of that which was our father ' s hath he gotten all this glory .
55 : 20 He hath put forth his hands against such as be at peace with him : he hath broken his covenant .
And all the kings of Arabia and governors of the country brought gold and silver to Solomon .
16 : 24 Then said Jesus unto his disciples , If any man will come after me , let him deny himself , and take up his cross , and follow me .
4 : 3 Ye ask , and receive not , because ye ask amiss , that ye may consume it upon your lusts .
The hills which surrounded the cottage terminated the valley in that direction ; under another name , and in another course , it branched out again between two of the steepest of them .
4 : 17 And the LORD spake unto Moses and unto Aaron saying , 4 : 18 Cut ye not off the tribe of the families of the Kohathites from among the Levites : 4 : 19 But thus do unto them , that they may live , and not die , when they approach unto the most holy things : Aaron and his sons shall go in , and appoint them every one to his service and to his burden : 4 : 20 But they shall not go in to see when the holy things are covered , lest they die .
3 : 10 Jesus answered and said unto him , Art thou a master of Israel , and knowest not these things ?
Elinor was soon called to the card - table by the conclusion of the first rubber , and the confidential discourse of the two ladies was therefore at an end , to which both of them submitted without any reluctance , for nothing had been said on either side to make them dislike each other less than they had done before ; and Elinor sat down to the card table with the melancholy persuasion that Edward was not only without affection for the person who was to be his wife ; but that he had not even the chance of being tolerably happy in marriage , which sincere affection on HER side would have given , for self - interest alone could induce a woman to keep a man to an engagement , of which she seemed so thoroughly aware that he was weary .
51 : 3 For the LORD shall comfort Zion : he will comfort all her waste places ; and he will make her wilderness like Eden , and her desert like the garden of the LORD ; joy and gladness shall be found therein , thanksgiving , and the voice of melody .
3 : 35 To turn aside the right of a man before the face of the most High , 3 : 36 To subvert a man in his cause , the LORD approveth not .
Colonel Brandon , unfortunately for himself , had no such encouragement to think only of Marianne , and in conversing with Elinor he found the greatest consolation for the indifference of her sister .
66 : 3 Say unto God , How terrible art thou in thy works !
9 : 6 And they went to Joshua unto the camp at Gilgal , and said unto him , and to the men of Israel , We be come from a far country : now therefore make ye a league with us .
" Your sister ' s marriage ."
I will give you my authority : his friend Colonel Wallis ."
You will look back and see that I did not come till Miss Fairfax was in Highbury ; and as _you_ were the person slighted , you will forgive me instantly ; but I must work on my father ' s compassion , by reminding him , that so long as I absented myself from his house , so long I lost the blessing of knowing you .
12 : 10 And ye shall let nothing of it remain until the morning ; and that which remaineth of it until the morning ye shall burn with fire .
How fast I made money in her .
11 : 22 Then did the cherubims lift up their wings , and the wheels beside them ; and the glory of the God of Israel was over them above .
6 : 58 This is that bread which came down from heaven : not as your fathers did eat manna , and are dead : he that eateth of this bread shall live for ever .
But I know they will , because it is a family that a certain lady , of some consequence , at Enscombe , has a particular dislike to : and though it is thought necessary to invite them once in two or three years , they always are put off when it comes to the point .
4 : 1 When Mordecai perceived all that was done , Mordecai rent his clothes , and put on sackcloth with ashes , and went out into the midst of the city , and cried with a loud and a bitter cry ; 4 : 2 And came even before the king ' s gate : for none might enter into the king ' s gate clothed with sackcloth .
The two ladies looked over it together ; and he sat smiling and talking to them the whole time , in a voice a little subdued , but very audible to every body .
His chance for the Kellynch estate was something , but all the honour of the family he held as cheap as dirt .
Her pardon was duly begged at the close of the song , and every thing usual followed .
18 : 5 For afore the harvest , when the bud is perfect , and the sour grape is ripening in the flower , he shall both cut off the sprigs with pruning hooks , and take away and cut down the branches .
15 : 3 And the chief priests accused him of many things : but he answered nothing .
16 : 1 And the LORD spake unto Moses after the death of the two sons of Aaron , when they offered before the LORD , and died ; 16 : 2 And the LORD said unto Moses , Speak unto Aaron thy brother , that he come not at all times into the holy place within the vail before the mercy seat , which is upon the ark ; that he die not : for I will appear in the cloud upon the mercy seat .
25 : 24 Then he which had received the one talent came and said , Lord , I knew thee that thou art an hard man , reaping where thou hast not sown , and gathering where thou hast not strawed : 25 : 25 And I was afraid , and went and hid thy talent in the earth : lo , there thou hast that is thine .
56 : 3 Neither let the son of the stranger , that hath joined himself to the LORD , speak , saying , The LORD hath utterly separated me from his people : neither let the eunuch say , Behold , I am a dry tree .
Then said the children of Israel , Tell us , how was this wickedness ?
2 : 6 But who is able to build him an house , seeing the heaven and heaven of heavens cannot contain him ?
" Well , Miss Dashwood ," said Mrs . Jennings , sagaciously smiling , as soon as the gentleman had withdrawn , " I do not ask you what the Colonel has been saying to you ; for though , upon my honour , I TRIED to keep out of hearing , I could not help catching enough to understand his business .
38 : 22 Make haste to help me , O Lord my salvation .
We all know the difference between the pronouns he or she and thou , the plainest spoken amongst us ; we all feel the influence of a something beyond common civility in our personal intercourse with each other -- a something more early implanted .
14 : 21 And if he be poor , and cannot get so much ; then he shall take one lamb for a trespass offering to be waved , to make an atonement for him , and one tenth deal of fine flour mingled with oil for a meat offering , and a log of oil ; 14 : 22 And two turtledoves , or two young pigeons , such as he is able to get ; and the one shall be a sin offering , and the other a burnt offering .
for he is like a refiner ' s fire , and like fullers ' soap : 3 : 3 And he shall sit as a refiner and purifier of silver : and he shall purify the sons of Levi , and purge them as gold and silver , that they may offer unto the LORD an offering in righteousness .
To her it was but the natural consequence of a strong affection in a young and ardent mind .
12 : 15 These are they that went over Jordan in the first month , when it had overflown all his banks ; and they put to flight all them of the valleys , both toward the east , and toward the west .
2 : 7 And fifty men of the sons of the prophets went , and stood to view afar off : and they two stood by Jordan .
27 : 19 For thus saith the LORD of hosts concerning the pillars , and concerning the sea , and concerning the bases , and concerning the residue of the vessels that remain in this city .
Now , however , it was absolutely to be ; every preparation was resumed , and very soon after the Churchills had removed to Richmond , a few lines from Frank , to say that his aunt felt already much better for the change , and that he had no doubt of being able to join them for twenty - four hours at any given time , induced them to name as early a day as possible .
" Lord bless you , my dear !-- Sure you do not mean to persuade me that the Colonel only marries you for the sake of giving ten guineas to Mr .
87 : 7 As well the singers as the players on instruments shall be there : all my springs are in thee .
The letter F -- had been likewise invariably brought forward , and found productive of such countless jokes , that its character as the wittiest letter in the alphabet had been long established with Elinor .
Do put up your horse at the Crown , and come in ."
It makes one detest all one ' s acquaintance .
I dare say he has ; and though it may cut him off from some advantages , it will secure him many others ."
21 : 23 But woe unto them that are with child , and to them that give suck , in those days !
" No trouble in the world , ma ' am ," said the obliging Mrs . Ford .
She saw with maternal complacency all the impertinent encroachments and mischievous tricks to which her cousins submitted .
7 : 3 And when he heard of Jesus , he sent unto him the elders of the Jews , beseeching him that he would come and heal his servant .
" I know it is "-- replied her mother seriously , " or after such a warning , I should be the last to encourage such affection , or even to be pleased by it .
And how tired you must be after your journey !
How is Miss Fairfax ?-- I hope she caught no cold last night .
14 : 5 Seeing his days are determined , the number of his months are with thee , thou hast appointed his bounds that he cannot pass ; 14 : 6 Turn from him , that he may rest , till he shall accomplish , as an hireling , his day .
29 : 1 Then Jacob went on his journey , and came into the land of the people of the east .
If the talking aunt had taken me quite by surprize , it must have been the death of me .
1 : 1 Now it came to pass after the death of Saul , when David was returned from the slaughter of the Amalekites , and David had abode two days in Ziklag ; 1 : 2 It came even to pass on the third day , that , behold , a man came out of the camp from Saul with his clothes rent , and earth upon his head : and so it was , when he came to David , that he fell to the earth , and did obeisance .
A few years however will settle her opinions on the reasonable basis of common sense and observation ; and then they may be more easy to define and to justify than they now are , by any body but herself ."
It may be only the hair of some great uncle of HIS ."
16 : 1 And when David was a little past the top of the hill , behold , Ziba the servant of Mephibosheth met him , with a couple of asses saddled , and upon them two hundred loaves of bread , and an hundred bunches of raisins , and an hundred of summer fruits , and a bottle of wine .
20 : 18 That which he laboured for shall he restore , and shall not swallow it down : according to his substance shall the restitution be , and he shall not rejoice therein .
turn aside , sit down here .
18 : 7 The nakedness of thy father , or the nakedness of thy mother , shalt thou not uncover : she is thy mother ; thou shalt not uncover her nakedness .
You are more likely to have done harm to yourself , than good to them , by interference ."
He would be as little incumbrance as possible to Captain and Mrs Harville ; but as to leaving his sister in such a state , he neither ought , nor would .
5 : 3 For when they shall say , Peace and safety ; then sudden destruction cometh upon them , as travail upon a woman with child ; and they shall not escape .
4 : 4 Remember ye the law of Moses my servant , which I commanded unto him in Horeb for all Israel , with the statutes and judgments .
Dost thou O little cloud ?
39 : 3 And they did beat the gold into thin plates , and cut it into wires , to work it in the blue , and in the purple , and in the scarlet , and in the fine linen , with cunning work .
The excellence of his understanding and his principles can be concealed only by that shyness which too often keeps him silent .
The evening came , the drawing - rooms were lighted up , the company assembled .
To amuse her , and be agreeable in her eyes , seemed all that he cared for -- and Emma , glad to be enlivened , not sorry to be flattered , was gay and easy too , and gave him all the friendly encouragement , the admission to be gallant , which she had ever given in the first and most animating period of their acquaintance ; but which now , in her own estimation , meant nothing , though in the judgment of most people looking on it must have had such an appearance as no English word but flirtation could very well describe .
9 : 32 Since the world began was it not heard that any man opened the eyes of one that was born blind .
" My dear Mary , recollect what a comfortable account you sent me of yourself !
12 : 17 For ye know how that afterward , when he would have inherited the blessing , he was rejected : for he found no place of repentance , though he sought it carefully with tears .
28 : 6 Howbeit they looked when he should have swollen , or fallen down dead suddenly : but after they had looked a great while , and saw no harm come to him , they changed their minds , and said that he was a god .
Elinor grew impatient for some tidings of Edward .
18 : 30 Now the king of Syria had commanded the captains of the chariots that were with him , saying , Fight ye not with small or great , save only with the king of Israel .
21 : 8 Again the word of the LORD came unto me , saying , 21 : 9 Son of man , prophesy , and say , Thus saith the LORD ; Say , A sword , a sword is sharpened , and also furbished : 21 : 10 It is sharpened to make a sore slaughter ; it is furbished that it may glitter : should we then make mirth ?
15 : 3 The eyes of the LORD are in every place , beholding the evil and the good .
The Jews therefore said unto him , It is not lawful for us to put any man to death : 18 : 32 That the saying of Jesus might be fulfilled , which he spake , signifying what death he should die .
20 : 10 And now , behold , the children of Ammon and Moab and mount Seir , whom thou wouldest not let Israel invade , when they came out of the land of Egypt , but they turned from them , and destroyed them not ; 20 : 11 Behold , I say , how they reward us , to come to cast us out of thy possession , which thou hast given us to inherit .
3 : 9 And when the children of Israel cried unto the LORD , the LORD raised up a deliverer to the children of Israel , who delivered them , even Othniel the son of Kenaz , Caleb ' s younger brother .
5 : 31 It hath been said , Whosoever shall put away his wife , let him give her a writing of divorcement : 5 : 32 But I say unto you , That whosoever shall put away his wife , saving for the cause of fornication , causeth her to commit adultery : and whosoever shall marry her that is divorced committeth adultery .
You will all be going soon I suppose ; the whole party breaking up .
147 : 18 He sendeth out his word , and melteth them : he causeth his wind to blow , and the waters flow .
10 : 9 Neither let us tempt Christ , as some of them also tempted , and were destroyed of serpents .
5 : 20 Neither shalt thou bear false witness against thy neighbour .
40 : 7 Now when all the captains of the forces which were in the fields , even they and their men , heard that the king of Babylon had made Gedaliah the son of Ahikam governor in the land , and had committed unto him men , and women , and children , and of the poor of the land , of them that were not carried away captive to Babylon ; 40 : 8 Then they came to Gedaliah to Mizpah , even Ishmael the son of Nethaniah , and Johanan and Jonathan the sons of Kareah , and Seraiah the son of Tanhumeth , and the sons of Ephai the Netophathite , and Jezaniah the son of a Maachathite , they and their men .
23 : 3 And the king stood by a pillar , and made a covenant before the LORD , to walk after the LORD , and to keep his commandments and his testimonies and his statutes with all their heart and all their soul , to perform the words of this covenant that were written in this book .
19 : 37 Let thy servant , I pray thee , turn back again , that I may die in mine own city , and be buried by the grave of my father and of my mother .
17 : 14 And behold at eveningtide trouble ; and before the morning he is not .
It was after tea that Jane spoke to Mrs .
1 : 12 I the Preacher was king over Israel in Jerusalem .
Amen .
Emma had not had time even to think of Mr . Elton , and she was so completely surprized that she could not avoid a little start , and a little blush , at the sound .
" You were not formerly , I know .
16 : 47 Yet hast thou not walked after their ways , nor done after their abominations : but , as if that were a very little thing , thou wast corrupted more than they in all thy ways .
6 : 3 And so it was , when Israel had sown , that the Midianites came up , and the Amalekites , and the children of the east , even they came up against them ; 6 : 4 And they encamped against them , and destroyed the increase of the earth , till thou come unto Gaza , and left no sustenance for Israel , neither sheep , nor ox , nor ass .
Short letters from Frank were received at Randalls , communicating all that was immediately important of their state and plans .
They sat down to tea -- the same party round the same table -- how often it had been collected !-- and how often had her eyes fallen on the same shrubs in the lawn , and observed the same beautiful effect of the western sun !-- But never in such a state of spirits , never in any thing like it ; and it was with difficulty that she could summon enough of her usual self to be the attentive lady of the house , or even the attentive daughter .
Her mother had died too long ago for her to have more than an indistinct remembrance of her caresses ; and her place had been supplied by an excellent woman as governess , who had fallen little short of a mother in affection .
" Our situations have borne little resemblance ."
22 : 1 And the LORD spake unto Moses , saying , 22 : 2 Speak unto Aaron and to his sons , that they separate themselves from the holy things of the children of Israel , and that they profane not my holy name in those things which they hallow unto me : I am the LORD .
11 : 9 So the king of the south shall come into his kingdom , and shall return into his own land .
Such events are very interesting , but the suspense of them cannot last long .
She , therefore , said no more for some time .
Do not I fill heaven and earth ?
4 : 3 But if our gospel be hid , it is hid to them that are lost : 4 : 4 In whom the god of this world hath blinded the minds of them which believe not , lest the light of the glorious gospel of Christ , who is the image of God , should shine unto them .
2 : 7 Brethren , I write no new commandment unto you , but an old commandment which ye had from the beginning .
4 : 15 For that ye ought to say , If the Lord will , we shall live , and do this , or that .
" I am sorry there should be any thing like doubt in the case ," replied Emma ; " but am disposed to side with you , Mr . Weston .
There was too much wind to make the high part of the new Cobb pleasant for the ladies , and they agreed to get down the steps to the lower , and all were contented to pass quietly and carefully down the steep flight , excepting Louisa ; she must be jumped down them by Captain Wentworth .
34 : 33 And till Moses had done speaking with them , he put a vail on his face .
" I know you , I know you ; you would take up with any thing ; but I shall be a little more nice , and I am sure the good Campbells will be quite on my side ; with your superior talents , you have a right to move in the first circle .
And she said unto him , The Philistines be upon thee , Samson .
5 : 13 The church that is at Babylon , elected together with you , saluteth you ; and so doth Marcus my son .
A house was never taken good care of , Mr Shepherd observed , without a lady : he did not know , whether furniture might not be in danger of suffering as much where there was no lady , as where there were many children .
30 : 1 And when Rachel saw that she bare Jacob no children , Rachel envied her sister ; and said unto Jacob , Give me children , or else I die .
Jesus saith unto him , Then are the children free .
18 : 18 Again he said , Therefore hear the word of the LORD ; I saw the LORD sitting upon his throne , and all the host of heaven standing on his right hand and on his left .
Then held they their peace , and found nothing to answer .
Frank Churchill caught the name .
18 : 17 And the LORD said , Shall I hide from Abraham that thing which I do ; 18 : 18 Seeing that Abraham shall surely become a great and mighty nation , and all the nations of the earth shall be blessed in him ?
And , The labourer is worthy of his reward .
" Yes ," said his brother quickly , " it is Randalls that does it all ."
24 : 11 Now it came to pass , that at what time the chest was brought unto the king ' s office by the hand of the Levites , and when they saw that there was much money , the king ' s scribe and the high priest ' s officer came and emptied the chest , and took it , and carried it to his place again .
25 : 10 And Nabal answered David ' s servants , and said , Who is David ?
Such a heart is very little worth having ; is it , Lady Russell ?
1 : 11 Wherefore Nathan spake unto Bathsheba the mother of Solomon , saying , Hast thou not heard that Adonijah the son of Haggith doth reign , and David our lord knoweth it not ?
3 : 16 Know ye not that ye are the temple of God , and that the Spirit of God dwelleth in you ?
Mrs . Jennings ' s prophecies , though rather jumbled together , were chiefly fulfilled ; for she was able to visit Edward and his wife in their Parsonage by Michaelmas , and she found in Elinor and her husband , as she really believed , one of the happiest couples in the world .
2 : 43 And whereas thou sawest iron mixed with miry clay , they shall mingle themselves with the seed of men : but they shall not cleave one to another , even as iron is not mixed with clay .
1 : 14 Behold , while thou yet talkest there with the king , I also will come in after thee , and confirm thy words .
13 : 10 We have an altar , whereof they have no right to eat which serve the tabernacle .
24 : 7 They cause the naked to lodge without clothing , that they have no covering in the cold .
Let me return your congratulations .-- I assure you that I have heard the news with the warmest interest and satisfaction .-- He is a man whom I cannot presume to praise ."
" How horrid all this is !"
5 : 14 The elders have ceased from the gate , the young men from their musick .
16 : 15 And when she was baptized , and her household , she besought us , saying , If ye have judged me to be faithful to the Lord , come into my house , and abide there .
24 : 11 If thou forbear to deliver them that are drawn unto death , and those that are ready to be slain ; 24 : 12 If thou sayest , Behold , we knew it not ; doth not he that pondereth the heart consider it ?
6 : 24 No man can serve two masters : for either he will hate the one , and love the other ; or else he will hold to the one , and despise the other .
But what can be the matter ?-- Is she really not ill ?"
Poor soul !
But they are Lady Middleton ' s visitors .
6 : 28 If there be dearth in the land , if there be pestilence , if there be blasting , or mildew , locusts , or caterpillers ; if their enemies besiege them in the cities of their land ; whatsoever sore or whatsoever sickness there be : 6 : 29 Then what prayer or what supplication soever shall be made of any man , or of all thy people Israel , when every one shall know his own sore and his own grief , and shall spread forth his hands in this house : 6 : 30 Then hear thou from heaven thy dwelling place , and forgive , and render unto every man according unto all his ways , whose heart thou knowest ; ( for thou only knowest the hearts of the children of men :) 6 : 31 That they may fear thee , to walk in thy ways , so long as they live in the land which thou gavest unto our fathers .
10 : 32 But call to remembrance the former days , in which , after ye were illuminated , ye endured a great fight of afflictions ; 10 : 33 Partly , whilst ye were made a gazingstock both by reproaches and afflictions ; and partly , whilst ye became companions of them that were so used .
" She had engaged to go as governess to Mrs . Smallridge ' s children -- a dear friend of Mrs . Elton ' s -- a neighbour of Maple Grove ; and , by the bye , I wonder how Mrs . Elton bears the disappointment ?"
for do not I know that I am this day king over Israel ?
I am not fond of nettles or thistles , or heath blossoms .
That she was coming to apologize , and that they should have to spend the evening by themselves , was the first black idea ; and Mary was quite ready to be affronted , when Louisa made all right by saying , that she only came on foot , to leave more room for the harp , which was bringing in the carriage .
28 : 63 And it shall come to pass , that as the LORD rejoiced over you to do you good , and to multiply you ; so the LORD will rejoice over you to destroy you , and to bring you to nought ; and ye shall be plucked from off the land whither thou goest to possess it .
50 : 20 Thou sittest and speakest against thy brother ; thou slanderest thine own mother ' s son .
1 : 3 But the angel of the LORD said to Elijah the Tishbite , Arise , go up to meet the messengers of the king of Samaria , and say unto them , Is it not because there is not a God in Israel , that ye go to enquire of Baalzebub the god of Ekron ?
11 : 2 For by it the elders obtained a good report .
2 : 8 The voice of my beloved !
And I hate Italian singing .-- There is no understanding a word of it .
In a few moments Marianne did the same .
cried Mary , her eyes brightening .
3 : 15 And Samuel lay until the morning , and opened the doors of the house of the LORD .
Knightley !-- never seen him in her life before , and call him Knightley !-- and discover that he is a gentleman !
and there is no God else beside me ; a just God and a Saviour ; there is none beside me .
6 : 22 And he answered , Thou shalt not smite them : wouldest thou smite those whom thou hast taken captive with thy sword and with thy bow ?
44 : 2 And put my cup , the silver cup , in the sack ' s mouth of the youngest , and his corn money .
30 : 3 For , lo , the days come , saith the LORD , that I will bring again the captivity of my people Israel and Judah , saith the LORD : and I will cause them to return to the land that I gave to their fathers , and they shall possess it .
for I think you have a little cold , and Patty has been washing the kitchen .'--` Oh !
19 : 3 And her husband arose , and went after her , to speak friendly unto her , and to bring her again , having his servant with him , and a couple of asses : and she brought him into her father ' s house : and when the father of the damsel saw him , he rejoiced to meet him .
9 : 16 And the LORD their God shall save them in that day as the flock of his people : for they shall be as the stones of a crown , lifted up as an ensign upon his land .
asked Elizabeth .
yet among many nations was there no king like him , who was beloved of his God , and God made him king over all Israel : nevertheless even him did outlandish women cause to sin .
50 : 19 And Joseph said unto them , Fear not : for am I in the place of God ?
32 : 11 For thus saith the Lord GOD ; The sword of the king of Babylon shall come upon thee .
THE BOOK of THEL
Mr . Weston is rather an easy , cheerful - tempered man , than a man of strong feelings ; he takes things as he finds them , and makes enjoyment of them somehow or other , depending , I suspect , much more upon what is called society for his comforts , that is , upon the power of eating and drinking , and playing whist with his neighbours five times a week , than upon family affection , or any thing that home affords ."
No wonder !
" My love ," said her mother , " you must not be offended with Elinor -- she was only in jest .
She was certainly not a woman of family , but well educated , accomplished , rich , and excessively in love with his friend .
26 : 41 Watch and pray , that ye enter not into temptation : the spirit indeed is willing , but the flesh is weak .
144 : 1 Blessed be the LORD my strength which teacheth my hands to war , and my fingers to fight :
13 : 7 Will ye speak wickedly for God ?
8 : 1 And after this it came to pass that David smote the Philistines , and subdued them : and David took Methegammah out of the hand of the Philistines .
41 : 57 And all countries came into Egypt to Joseph for to buy corn ; because that the famine was so sore in all lands .
33 : 11 Bless , LORD , his substance , and accept the work of his hands ; smite through the loins of them that rise against him , and of them that hate him , that they rise not again .
22 : 7 Howbeit there was no reckoning made with them of the money that was delivered into their hand , because they dealt faithfully .
27 : 21 In the tabernacle of the congregation without the vail , which is before the testimony , Aaron and his sons shall order it from evening to morning before the LORD : it shall be a statute for ever unto their generations on the behalf of the children of Israel .
" To be sure ," said Harriet , in a mortified voice , " he is not so genteel as real gentlemen ."
4 : 20 And Adah bare Jabal : he was the father of such as dwell in tents , and of such as have cattle .
He sat really lost in thought for the first few minutes ; and when rousing himself , it was only to say ,
30 : 22 Ye shall defile also the covering of thy graven images of silver , and the ornament of thy molten images of gold : thou shalt cast them away as a menstruous cloth ; thou shalt say unto it , Get thee hence .
66 : 24 And they shall go forth , and look upon the carcases of the men that have transgressed against me : for their worm shall not die , neither shall their fire be quenched ; and they shall be an abhorring unto all flesh .
Chapter 10
It will be bad enough for the horses ."
17 : 13 Moreover , if he be gotten into a city , then shall all Israel bring ropes to that city , and we will draw it into the river , until there be not one small stone found there .
" Upon my word , Emma , to hear you abusing the reason you have , is almost enough to make me think so too .
3 : 10 The mountains saw thee , and they trembled : the overflowing of the water passed by : the deep uttered his voice , and lifted up his hands on high .
This , on his side , might merely proceed from her not being thought of ; but Emma was rather inclined to attribute it to delicacy , and a suspicion , from some appearances , that their friendship were declining .
If she would only wear rouge she would not be afraid of being seen ; but last time I called , I observed the blinds were let down immediately ."
59 : 21 As for me , this is my covenant with them , saith the LORD ; My spirit that is upon thee , and my words which I have put in thy mouth , shall not depart out of thy mouth , nor out of the mouth of thy seed , nor out of the mouth of thy seed ' s seed , saith the LORD , from henceforth and for ever .
7 : 6 And Noah was six hundred years old when the flood of waters was upon the earth .
30 : 1 But now they that are younger than I have me in derision , whose fathers I would have disdained to have set with the dogs of my flock .
27 : 8 In measure , when it shooteth forth , thou wilt debate with it : he stayeth his rough wind in the day of the east wind .
Then Arioch made the thing known to Daniel .
And his mother ' s name was Abijah , the daughter of Zechariah .
1 : 17 And Jesus said unto them , Come ye after me , and I will make you to become fishers of men .
50 : 39 Therefore the wild beasts of the desert with the wild beasts of the islands shall dwell there , and the owls shall dwell therein : and it shall be no more inhabited for ever ; neither shall it be dwelt in from generation to generation .
119 : 166 LORD , I have hoped for thy salvation , and done thy commandments .
13 : 37 He answered and said unto them , He that soweth the good seed is the Son of man ; 13 : 38 The field is the world ; the good seed are the children of the kingdom ; but the tares are the children of the wicked one ; 13 : 39 The enemy that sowed them is the devil ; the harvest is the end of the world ; and the reapers are the angels .
Marianne was silent ; it was impossible for her to say what she did not feel , however trivial the occasion ; and upon Elinor therefore the whole task of telling lies when politeness required it , always fell .
" It is as long again as almost all we have had before ."
" Oh !
9 : 14 And if a stranger shall sojourn among you , and will keep the passover unto the LORD ; according to the ordinance of the passover , and according to the manner thereof , so shall he do : ye shall have one ordinance , both for the stranger , and for him that was born in the land .
33 : 17 And Jacob journeyed to Succoth , and built him an house , and made booths for his cattle : therefore the name of the place is called Succoth .
20 : 9 And it shall be , when the officers have made an end of speaking unto the people that they shall make captains of the armies to lead the people .
1 : 8 Shall I not in that day , saith the LORD , even destroy the wise men out of Edom , and understanding out of the mount of Esau ?
10 : 21 For the pastors are become brutish , and have not sought the LORD : therefore they shall not prosper , and all their flocks shall be scattered .
no , not one that shall be able to judge between his brethren ?
If you will have such ideas !
He thought we walked towards Randalls most days .
Marianne could never love by halves ; and her whole heart became , in time , as much devoted to her husband , as it had once been to Willoughby .
He was tolerably cheerful .
17 : 8 The beast that thou sawest was , and is not ; and shall ascend out of the bottomless pit , and go into perdition : and they that dwell on the earth shall wonder , whose names were not written in the book of life from the foundation of the world , when they behold the beast that was , and is not , and yet is .
121 : 1 I will lift up mine eyes unto the hills , from whence cometh my help .
16 : 9 And his servant Zimri , captain of half his chariots , conspired against him , as he was in Tirzah , drinking himself drunk in the house of Arza steward of his house in Tirzah .
This was against her ; but on the other hand , he spent so much of his time at Uppercross , that in removing thence she might be considered rather as leaving him behind , than as going towards him ; and , upon the whole , she believed she must , on this interesting question , be the gainer , almost as certainly as in her change of domestic society , in leaving poor Mary for Lady Russell .
Captain Wentworth talked of going there again himself , it was only seventeen miles from Uppercross ; though November , the weather was by no means bad ; and , in short , Louisa , who was the most eager of the eager , having formed the resolution to go , and besides the pleasure of doing as she liked , being now armed with the idea of merit in maintaining her own way , bore down all the wishes of her father and mother for putting it off till summer ; and to Lyme they were to go -- Charles , Mary , Anne , Henrietta , Louisa , and Captain Wentworth .
Now that which decayeth and waxeth old is ready to vanish away .
9 : 37 And it came to pass , that on the next day , when they were come down from the hill , much people met him .
78 : 65 Then the LORD awaked as one out of sleep , and like a mighty man that shouteth by reason of wine .
13 : 25 Grace be with you all .
Queen of the vales , the matron Clay answered : I heard thy sighs .
12 : 10 And Jeshua begat Joiakim , Joiakim also begat Eliashib , and Eliashib begat Joiada , 12 : 11 And Joiada begat Jonathan , and Jonathan begat Jaddua .
are not his servants come unto thee for to search , and to overthrow , and to spy out the land ?
30 : 1 I will extol thee , O LORD ; for thou hast lifted me up , and hast not made my foes to rejoice over me .
30 : 11 And Leah said , A troop cometh : and she called his name Gad .
2 : 23 And it came to pass , that he went through the corn fields on the sabbath day ; and his disciples began , as they went , to pluck the ears of corn .
Emma felt that she could not do too much for her , that Harriet had a right to all her ingenuity and all her patience ; but it was heavy work to be for ever convincing without producing any effect , for ever agreed to , without being able to make their opinions the same .
Her heart was devoted to Willoughby , and the fond attachment to Norland , which she brought with her from Sussex , was more likely to be softened than she had thought it possible before , by the charms which his society bestowed on her present home .
Mr . Elton , who might marry any body !
Mr . Churchill , independent of his wife , was feared by nobody ; an easy , guidable man , to be persuaded into any thing by his nephew .
9 : 18 And the children of Israel smote them not , because the princes of the congregation had sworn unto them by the LORD God of Israel .
Better wait an hour or two , or even half a day for your letters , than run the risk of bringing on your cough again .
53 : 10 Yet it pleased the LORD to bruise him ; he hath put him to grief : when thou shalt make his soul an offering for sin , he shall see his seed , he shall prolong his days , and the pleasure of the LORD shall prosper in his hand .
-- but checking himself --" No , no , I understand you -- forgive me -- I am pleased that you can say even so much .-- He is no object of regret , indeed !
13 : 28 Now no man at the table knew for what intent he spake this unto him .
We do not call Bermuda or Bahama , you know , the West Indies ."
66 : 9 Shall I bring to the birth , and not cause to bring forth ?
25 : 40 And the King shall answer and say unto them , Verily I say unto you , Inasmuch as ye have done it unto one of the least of these my brethren , ye have done it unto me .
6 : 3 And Jesus answering them said , Have ye not read so much as this , what David did , when himself was an hungred , and they which were with him ; 6 : 4 How he went into the house of God , and did take and eat the shewbread , and gave also to them that were with him ; which it is not lawful to eat but for the priests alone ?
" Oh !
Ay , to be sure , he must be ordained in readiness ; and I am very glad to find things are so forward between you .
5 : 24 And they that are Christ ' s have crucified the flesh with the affections and lusts .
Haggai
I consider him , on the contrary , as a very respectable man , who has every body ' s good word , and nobody ' s notice ; who , has more money than he can spend , more time than he knows how to employ , and two new coats every year ."
13 : 8 And it shall come to pass , that in all the land , saith the LORD , two parts therein shall be cut off and die ; but the third shall be left therein .
21 : 7 How shall we do for wives for them that remain , seeing we have sworn by the LORD that we will not give them of our daughters to wives ?
101 : 7 He that worketh deceit shall not dwell within my house : he that telleth lies shall not tarry in my sight .
22 : 27 Thou shalt make thy prayer unto him , and he shall hear thee , and thou shalt pay thy vows .
5 : 9 Thine hand shall be lifted up upon thine adversaries , and all thine enemies shall be cut off .
Jealousy of Mr Elliot !
119 : 105 Thy word is a lamp unto my feet , and a light unto my path .
" Mrs . Jennings told me ," said he , " that you wished to speak with me , at least I understood her so -- or I certainly should not have intruded on you in such a manner ; though at the same time , I should have been extremely sorry to leave London without seeing you and your sister ; especially as it will most likely be some time -- it is not probable that I should soon have the pleasure of meeting you again .
Verily , verily , I say unto thee , The cock shall not crow , till thou hast denied me thrice .
Her mother could even think of her being able to join their party at home , before her brothers and sisters went to school again .
I am amazingly glad you did not keep to YOUR WORD ."
17 : 9 And Moses said unto Joshua , Choose us out men , and go out , fight with Amalek : to morrow I will stand on the top of the hill with the rod of God in mine hand .
12 : 32 Also take your flocks and your herds , as ye have said , and be gone ; and bless me also .
23 : 19 And all the houses also of the high places that were in the cities of Samaria , which the kings of Israel had made to provoke the Lord to anger , Josiah took away , and did to them according to all the acts that he had done in Bethel .
26 : 33 And Zelophehad the son of Hepher had no sons , but daughters : and the names of the daughters of Zelophehad were Mahlah , and Noah , Hoglah , Milcah , and Tirzah .
2 : 66 Their horses were seven hundred thirty and six ; their mules , two hundred forty and five ; 2 : 67 Their camels , four hundred thirty and five ; their asses , six thousand seven hundred and twenty .
Willoughby could not hear of her marriage without a pang ; and his punishment was soon afterwards complete in the voluntary forgiveness of Mrs . Smith , who , by stating his marriage with a woman of character , as the source of her clemency , gave him reason for believing that had he behaved with honour towards Marianne , he might at once have been happy and rich .
So Uriah abode in Jerusalem that day , and the morrow .
3 : 1 Now these were the sons of David , which were born unto him in Hebron ; the firstborn Amnon , of Ahinoam the Jezreelitess ; the second Daniel , of Abigail the Carmelitess : 3 : 2 The third , Absalom the son of Maachah the daughter of Talmai king of Geshur : the fourth , Adonijah the son of Haggith : 3 : 3 The fifth , Shephatiah of Abital : the sixth , Ithream by Eglah his wife .
Mrs . Jennings and Mrs . Palmer joined their entreaties , all seemed equally anxious to avoid a family party ; and the young ladies were obliged to yield .
37 : 35 And all his sons and all his daughters rose up to comfort him ; but he refused to be comforted ; and he said , For I will go down into the grave unto my son mourning .
47 : 16 And Joseph said , Give your cattle ; and I will give you for your cattle , if money fail .
What she would engage to do towards augmenting their income was next to be considered ; and here it plainly appeared , that though Edward was now her only son , he was by no means her eldest ; for while Robert was inevitably endowed with a thousand pounds a - year , not the smallest objection was made against Edward ' s taking orders for the sake of two hundred and fifty at the utmost ; nor was anything promised either for the present or in future , beyond the ten thousand pounds , which had been given with Fanny .
She received the news with resolute composure ; made no observation on it , and at first shed no tears ; but after a short time they would burst out , and for the rest of the day , she was in a state hardly less pitiable than when she first learnt to expect the event .
19 : 36 And as he went , they spread their clothes in the way .
17 : 16 And the children of Joseph said , The hill is not enough for us : and all the Canaanites that dwell in the land of the valley have chariots of iron , both they who are of Bethshean and her towns , and they who are of the valley of Jezreel .
6 : 18 And they set the priests in their divisions , and the Levites in their courses , for the service of God , which is at Jerusalem ; as it is written in the book of Moses .
10 : 9 And I went unto the angel , and said unto him , Give me the little book .
32 : 17 And the work of righteousness shall be peace ; and the effect of righteousness quietness and assurance for ever .
7 : 16 And Maachah the wife of Machir bare a son , and she called his name Peresh ; and the name of his brother was Sheresh ; and his sons were Ulam and Rakem .
13 : 16 And their coast was from Aroer , that is on the bank of the river Arnon , and the city that is in the midst of the river , and all the plain by Medeba ; 13 : 17 Heshbon , and all her cities that are in the plain ; Dibon , and Bamothbaal , and Bethbaalmeon , 13 : 18 And Jahaza , and Kedemoth , and Mephaath , 13 : 19 And Kirjathaim , and Sibmah , and Zarethshahar in the mount of the valley , 13 : 20 And Bethpeor , and Ashdothpisgah , and Bethjeshimoth , 13 : 21 And all the cities of the plain , and all the kingdom of Sihon king of the Amorites , which reigned in Heshbon , whom Moses smote with the princes of Midian , Evi , and Rekem , and Zur , and Hur , and Reba , which were dukes of Sihon , dwelling in the country .
4 : 5 Then said Boaz , What day thou buyest the field of the hand of Naomi , thou must buy it also of Ruth the Moabitess , the wife of the dead , to raise up the name of the dead upon his inheritance .
It is not Swisserland , but it will be something for a young man so much in want of a change .
60 : 4 Lift up thine eyes round about , and see : all they gather themselves together , they come to thee : thy sons shall come from far , and thy daughters shall be nursed at thy side .
A ' n ' t I a good boy ?
30 : 4 Who hath ascended up into heaven , or descended ?
1 : 50 And Adonijah feared because of Solomon , and arose , and went , and caught hold on the horns of the altar .
He was five years old when the tidings came of Saul and Jonathan out of Jezreel , and his nurse took him up , and fled : and it came to pass , as she made haste to flee , that he fell , and became lame .
19 : 5 So the servants of king Hezekiah came to Isaiah .
89 : 32 Then will I visit their transgression with the rod , and their iniquity with stripes .
It seemed the best scheme ; and yet it was not so good but that many of them wanted a better .
It was so humiliating to reflect on the constant deception practised on her father and Elizabeth ; to consider the various sources of mortification preparing for them !
21 : 12 And God said unto Abraham , Let it not be grievous in thy sight because of the lad , and because of thy bondwoman ; in all that Sarah hath said unto thee , hearken unto her voice ; for in Isaac shall thy seed be called .
31 : 7 If my step hath turned out of the way , and mine heart walked after mine eyes , and if any blot hath cleaved to mine hands ; 31 : 8 Then let me sow , and let another eat ; yea , let my offspring be rooted out .
57 : 19 I create the fruit of the lips ; Peace , peace to him that is far off , and to him that is near , saith the LORD ; and I will heal him .
Whether he would have proceeded farther was left to Anne ' s imagination to ponder over in a calmer hour ; for while still hearing the sounds he had uttered , she was startled to other subjects by Henrietta , eager to make use of the present leisure for getting out , and calling on her companions to lose no time , lest somebody else should come in .
Perfectly remember Mrs . Perry ' s coming .-- Extraordinary dream , indeed !"
" Trouble !
The conviction seemed real ; he looked as if he felt it .
He will be able to tell her how we all are ."
11 : 12 Then shall the cities of Judah and inhabitants of Jerusalem go , and cry unto the gods unto whom they offer incense : but they shall not save them at all in the time of their trouble .
49 : 18 I have waited for thy salvation , O LORD .
no , nothing should tempt me to leave her .
16 : 17 And there shall be no man in the tabernacle of the congregation when he goeth in to make an atonement in the holy place , until he come out , and have made an atonement for himself , and for his household , and for all the congregation of Israel .
62 : 1 Truly my soul waiteth upon God : from him cometh my salvation .
1 : 3 Grace be with you , mercy , and peace , from God the Father , and from the Lord Jesus Christ , the Son of the Father , in truth and love .
Emma recollected , blushed , was sorry , but tried to laugh it off .
he is ruined for ever .
She was awake the whole night , and she wept the greatest part of it .
` Can I do any thing for you at Kingston ?'
4 : 23 Take heed unto yourselves , lest ye forget the covenant of the LORD your God , which he made with you , and make you a graven image , or the likeness of any thing , which the LORD thy God hath forbidden thee .
A day or two passed without producing anything .
9 : 26 Only in the land of Goshen , where the children of Israel were , was there no hail .
And they took Jesus , and led him away .
2 : 11 For the grace of God that bringeth salvation hath appeared to all men , 2 : 12 Teaching us that , denying ungodliness and worldly lusts , we should live soberly , righteously , and godly , in this present world ; 2 : 13 Looking for that blessed hope , and the glorious appearing of the great God and our Saviour Jesus Christ ; 2 : 14 Who gave himself for us , that he might redeem us from all iniquity , and purify unto himself a peculiar people , zealous of good works .
It must be terrible for you to hear it talked of ; and as for your sister , I am sure I would not mention a word about it to her for the world .
8 : 25 And they answered , We will willingly give them .
And away she went ; but returning again in a moment ,
There was much to regret .
47 : 7 And Joseph brought in Jacob his father , and set him before Pharaoh : and Jacob blessed Pharaoh .
A discovery took place ,"-- here he hesitated and looked down .--" Mrs .
30 : 18 And David recovered all that the Amalekites had carried away : and David rescued his two wives .
7 : 19 They shall cast their silver in the streets , and their gold shall be removed : their silver and their gold shall not be able to deliver them in the day of the wrath of the LORD : they shall not satisfy their souls , neither fill their bowels : because it is the stumblingblock of their iniquity .
To this determination she was the more easily reconciled , by recollecting that Edward Ferrars , by Lucy ' s account , was not to be in town before February ; and that their visit , without any unreasonable abridgement , might be previously finished .
He merely meant to persuade her to give up the engagement ; and as there could be nothing to overcome but the affection of both , he naturally expected that one or two interviews would settle the matter .
5 : 15 And the captain of the LORD ' s host said unto Joshua , Loose thy shoe from off thy foot ; for the place whereon thou standest is holy .
for himself .
3 : 10 For even when we were with you , this we commanded you , that if any would not work , neither should he eat .
19 : 35 And they made their father drink wine that night also : and the younger arose , and lay with him ; and he perceived not when she lay down , nor when she arose .
49 : 18 As in the overthrow of Sodom and Gomorrah and the neighbour cities thereof , saith the LORD , no man shall abide there , neither shall a son of man dwell in it .
22 : 8 And Hilkiah the high priest said unto Shaphan the scribe , I have found the book of the law in the house of the LORD .
7 : 8 Then the king returned out of the palace garden into the place of the banquet of wine ; and Haman was fallen upon the bed whereon Esther was .
21 : 18 Now in the morning as he returned into the city , he hungered .
Prettier musings of high - wrought love and eternal constancy , could never have passed along the streets of Bath , than Anne was sporting with from Camden Place to Westgate Buildings .
He staid an hour with them .
20 : 30 But the rest fled to Aphek , into the city ; and there a wall fell upon twenty and seven thousand of the men that were left .
Charles Hayter was the eldest of all the cousins , and a very amiable , pleasing young man , between whom and Henrietta there had been a considerable appearance of attachment previous to Captain Wentworth ' s introduction .
Highbury , the large and populous village , almost amounting to a town , to which Hartfield , in spite of its separate lawn , and shrubberies , and name , did really belong , afforded her no equals .
10 : 11 And he said unto me , Thou must prophesy again before many peoples , and nations , and tongues , and kings .
We are not boy and girl , to be captiously irritable , misled by every moment ' s inadvertence , and wantonly playing with our own happiness ."
28 : 14 And their drink offerings shall be half an hin of wine unto a bullock , and the third part of an hin unto a ram , and a fourth part of an hin unto a lamb : this is the burnt offering of every month throughout the months of the year .
27 : 30 And it came to pass , as soon as Isaac had made an end of blessing Jacob , and Jacob was yet scarce gone out from the presence of Isaac his father , that Esau his brother came in from his hunting .
" No ," said Anne , " I can readily believe all that of my cousin .
18 : 14 And Hezekiah king of Judah sent to the king of Assyria to Lachish , saying , I have offended ; return from me : that which thou puttest on me will I bear .
15 : 20 And Saul said unto Samuel , Yea , I have obeyed the voice of the LORD , and have gone the way which the LORD sent me , and have brought Agag the king of Amalek , and have utterly destroyed the Amalekites .
23 : 38 Behold , your house is left unto you desolate .
11 : 1 And when Rehoboam was come to Jerusalem , he gathered of the house of Judah and Benjamin an hundred and fourscore thousand chosen men , which were warriors , to fight against Israel , that he might bring the kingdom again to Rehoboam .
4 : 6 And the devil said unto him , All this power will I give thee , and the glory of them : for that is delivered unto me ; and to whomsoever I will I give it .
I shall persuade her if I can to go early to bed , for I am sure she wants rest ."
25 : 33 And the slain of the LORD shall be at that day from one end of the earth even unto the other end of the earth : they shall not be lamented , neither gathered , nor buried ; they shall be dung upon the ground .
24 : 45 Who then is a faithful and wise servant , whom his lord hath made ruler over his household , to give them meat in due season ?
25 : 37 And the peaceable habitations are cut down because of the fierce anger of the LORD .
There was one , however , which Emma thought something of .-- The two last dances before supper were begun , and Harriet had no partner ;-- the only young lady sitting down ;-- and so equal had been hitherto the number of dancers , that how there could be any one disengaged was the wonder !-- But Emma ' s wonder lessened soon afterwards , on seeing Mr . Elton sauntering about .
When I first became intimate in your family , I had no other intention , no other view in the acquaintance than to pass my time pleasantly while I was obliged to remain in Devonshire , more pleasantly than I had ever done before .
34 : 33 Should it be according to thy mind ?
Her complexion was sallow ; and her features small , without beauty , and naturally without expression ; but a lucky contraction of the brow had rescued her countenance from the disgrace of insipidity , by giving it the strong characters of pride and ill nature .
Now Eli the priest sat upon a seat by a post of the temple of the LORD .
They say unto him , Yea , Lord .
8 : 19 For the earnest expectation of the creature waiteth for the manifestation of the sons of God .
34 : 28 And they shall no more be a prey to the heathen , neither shall the beast of the land devour them ; but they shall dwell safely , and none shall make them afraid .
1 : 12 For the which cause I also suffer these things : nevertheless I am not ashamed : for I know whom I have believed , and am persuaded that he is able to keep that which I have committed unto him against that day .
30 : 5 They were driven forth from among men , ( they cried after them as after a thief ;) 30 : 6 To dwell in the cliffs of the valleys , in caves of the earth , and in the rocks .
-- But , in spite of these deficiencies , the wishes , the hopes , the confidence , the predictions of the small band of true friends who witnessed the ceremony , were fully answered in the perfect happiness of the union .
the peace has come too soon for that younker .
Two steps , Jane , take care of the two steps .
1 : 14 Then the LORD said unto me , Out of the north an evil shall break forth upon all the inhabitants of the land .
12 : 2 Ye shall utterly destroy all the places , wherein the nations which ye shall possess served their gods , upon the high mountains , and upon the hills , and under every green tree : 12 : 3 And ye shall overthrow their altars , and break their pillars , and burn their groves with fire ; and ye shall hew down the graven images of their gods , and destroy the names of them out of that place .
Her objections to Mr . Knightley ' s marrying did not in the least subside .
" Six years hence !
3 : 51 Mine eye affecteth mine heart because of all the daughters of my city .
5 : 12 By Silvanus , a faithful brother unto you , as I suppose , I have written briefly , exhorting , and testifying that this is the true grace of God wherein ye stand .
You may guess , therefore , that the news he heard from his friend could not be very agreeable , and you may guess what it produced ; the resolution of coming back to Bath as soon as possible , and of fixing himself here for a time , with the view of renewing his former acquaintance , and recovering such a footing in the family as might give him the means of ascertaining the degree of his danger , and of circumventing the lady if he found it material .
And then to turn the discourse , she began admiring the house and the furniture .
" Granting your assertion that the world does all this so soon for men ( which , however , I do not think I shall grant ), it does not apply to Benwick .
" It is hardly worth while , Mr . Willoughby , for you to relate , or for me to listen any longer .
6 : 5 Arise , and let us go by night , and let us destroy her palaces .
This was the inheritance of the children of Benjamin , by the coasts thereof round about , according to their families .
30 : 5 But if her father disallow her in the day that he heareth ; not any of her vows , or of her bonds wherewith she hath bound her soul , shall stand : and the LORD shall forgive her , because her father disallowed her .
Of the tribe of Benjamin were sealed twelve thousand .
And he and Samuel went and dwelt in Naioth .
33 : 19 And the word of the LORD came unto Jeremiah , saying , 33 : 20 Thus saith the LORD ; If ye can break my covenant of the day , and my covenant of the night , and that there should not be day and night in their season ; 33 : 21 Then may also my covenant be broken with David my servant , that he should not have a son to reign upon his throne ; and with the Levites the priests , my ministers .
11 : 18 Joshua made war a long time with all those kings .
or who laid the corner stone thereof ; 38 : 7 When the morning stars sang together , and all the sons of God shouted for joy ?
" Westgate Buildings must have been rather surprised by the appearance of a carriage drawn up near its pavement ," observed Sir Walter .
She caught every syllable with panting eagerness ; her hand , unknowingly to herself , closely pressed her sister ' s , and tears covered her cheeks .
143 : 3 For the enemy hath persecuted my soul ; he hath smitten my life down to the ground ; he hath made me to dwell in darkness , as those that have been long dead .
Oh father and mother , if buds are nipped , And blossoms blown away ; And if the tender plants are stripped Of their joy in the springing day , By sorrow and care ' s dismay , --
He was gone the next moment :-- after another moment ' s pause ,
How was she to bear the change ?-- It was true that her friend was going only half a mile from them ; but Emma was aware that great must be the difference between a Mrs . Weston , only half a mile from them , and a Miss Taylor in the house ; and with all her advantages , natural and domestic , she was now in great danger of suffering from intellectual solitude .
2 : 11 But when Peter was come to Antioch , I withstood him to the face , because he was to be blamed .
31 : 16 She considereth a field , and buyeth it : with the fruit of her hands she planteth a vineyard .
7 : 3 The LORD repented for this : It shall not be , saith the LORD .
If , indeed , it could be restored to our poor little boy --"
5 : 30 Go say to them , Get you into your tents again .
If I could be sure of the rooms being thoroughly aired -- but is Mrs . Stokes to be trusted ?
She is an excellent housemaid , and works very well at her needle .
" It will be more painful to me in some respects to be in company with him , but I shall know better what to do .
22 : 12 And if it be stolen from him , he shall make restitution unto the owner thereof .
57 : 15 For thus saith the high and lofty One that inhabiteth eternity , whose name is Holy ; I dwell in the high and holy place , with him also that is of a contrite and humble spirit , to revive the spirit of the humble , and to revive the heart of the contrite ones .
10 : 20 And when Moses heard that , he was content .
16 : 6 Then Asa the king took all Judah ; and they carried away the stones of Ramah , and the timber thereof , wherewith Baasha was building ; and he built therewith Geba and Mizpah .
112 : 8 His heart is established , he shall not be afraid , until he see his desire upon his enemies .
to which his prompt reply was , " Most readily , Mrs . Weston , if you will dance with me ."
Bad indeed must the nature of Marianne ' s affliction be , when her mother could talk of fortitude !
If you do not call early it will be a slight ."
Had he said any thing to bear a different construction , I should not have believed him ."
22 : 45 Now the rest of the acts of Jehoshaphat , and his might that he shewed , and how he warred , are they not written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Judah ?
Wickedness is always wickedness , but folly is not always folly .-- It depends upon the character of those who handle it .
24 : 1 Be not thou envious against evil men , neither desire to be with them .
6 : 9 And let us not be weary in well doing : for in due season we shall reap , if we faint not .
So the king and Haman came to the banquet that Esther had prepared .
She had been solicited , when about two - and - twenty , to change her name , by the young man , who not long afterwards found a more willing mind in her younger sister ; and Lady Russell had lamented her refusal ; for Charles Musgrove was the eldest son of a man , whose landed property and general importance were second in that country , only to Sir Walter ' s , and of good character and appearance ; and however Lady Russell might have asked yet for something more , while Anne was nineteen , she would have rejoiced to see her at twenty - two so respectably removed from the partialities and injustice of her father ' s house , and settled so permanently near herself .
Many a time has she said so ; and yet I am no advocate for entire seclusion .
She soon resolved , equally as a duty and a pleasure , to employ half an hour of this holiday of spirits in calling on Miss Fairfax .-- She ought to go -- and she was longing to see her ; the resemblance of their present situations increasing every other motive of goodwill .
If I could explain to you all this , and all that a man can bear and do , and glories to do , for the sake of these treasures of his existence !
" There now ; you see how droll he is .
2 : 8 I have heard the reproach of Moab , and the revilings of the children of Ammon , whereby they have reproached my people , and magnified themselves against their border .
32 : 28 So concerning them Moses commanded Eleazar the priest , and Joshua the son of Nun , and the chief fathers of the tribes of the children of Israel : 32 : 29 And Moses said unto them , If the children of Gad and the children of Reuben will pass with you over Jordan , every man armed to battle , before the LORD , and the land shall be subdued before you ; then ye shall give them the land of Gilead for a possession : 32 : 30 But if they will not pass over with you armed , they shall have possessions among you in the land of Canaan .
2 : 10 Be wise now therefore , O ye kings : be instructed , ye judges of the earth .
3 : 8 Art thou better than populous No , that was situate among the rivers , that had the waters round about it , whose rampart was the sea , and her wall was from the sea ?
2 : 31 And the sons of Appaim ; Ishi .
Then for Zechariah his son , a wise counsellor , they cast lots ; and his lot came out northward .
Again he measured a thousand , and brought me through ; the waters were to the loins .
Pray , dear Miss Woodhouse , tell me what I ought to do ."
In the evening , as Marianne was discovered to be musical , she was invited to play .
24 : 21 When thou gatherest the grapes of thy vineyard , thou shalt not glean it afterward : it shall be for the stranger , for the fatherless , and for the widow .
14 : 8 And Asa had an army of men that bare targets and spears , out of Judah three hundred thousand ; and out of Benjamin , that bare shields and drew bows , two hundred and fourscore thousand : all these were mighty men of valour .
4 : 6 And the LORD God prepared a gourd , and made it to come up over Jonah , that it might be a shadow over his head , to deliver him from his grief .
The intelligence , which had been so anxiously announced to her , she was now to be anxiously announcing to another .
9 : 17 And God said unto Noah , This is the token of the covenant , which I have established between me and all flesh that is upon the earth .
An intimate acquaintance of Mrs . Jennings joined them soon after they entered the Gardens , and Elinor was not sorry that by her continuing with them , and engaging all Mrs . Jennings ' s conversation , she was herself left to quiet reflection .
She speedily comprehended all his merits ; the persuasion of his regard for Elinor perhaps assisted her penetration ; but she really felt assured of his worth : and even that quietness of manner , which militated against all her established ideas of what a young man ' s address ought to be , was no longer uninteresting when she knew his heart to be warm and his temper affectionate .
15 : 1 We then that are strong ought to bear the infirmities of the weak , and not to please ourselves .
I could not excuse a man ' s having more music than love -- more ear than eye -- a more acute sensibility to fine sounds than to my feelings .
6 : 2 But I have built an house of habitation for thee , and a place for thy dwelling for ever .
And he urged him , and he took it .
" Oh , if that ' s all ," cried Miss Steele , " we can just as well go and see HER ."
Anne entered it with a sinking heart , anticipating an imprisonment of many months , and anxiously saying to herself , " Oh !
And Hilkiah gave the book to Shaphan , and he read it .
9 : 7 And he arose , and departed to his house .
" You are very right ; it has been thought of .
10 : 7 And Pharaoh ' s servants said unto him , How long shall this man be a snare unto us ?
2 : 5 For unto the angels hath he not put in subjection the world to come , whereof we speak .
20 : 2 So every man of Israel went up from after David , and followed Sheba the son of Bichri : but the men of Judah clave unto their king , from Jordan even to Jerusalem .
25 : 1 And Israel abode in Shittim , and the people began to commit whoredom with the daughters of Moab .
32 : 23 I will heap mischiefs upon them ; I will spend mine arrows upon them .
" Well , then , LET something be done for them ; but THAT something need not be three thousand pounds .
89 : 37 It shall be established for ever as the moon , and as a faithful witness in heaven .
As such , however , they were treated by her with quiet civility ; and by her husband with as much kindness as he could feel towards anybody beyond himself , his wife , and their child .
His lady greeted him with some of her sparkling vivacity .
" Jane !"
who hath sorrow ?
40 : 34 Then a cloud covered the tent of the congregation , and the glory of the LORD filled the tabernacle .
1 : 7 And they had no child , because that Elisabeth was barren , and they both were now well stricken in years .
" You are in luck .-- Your only blunder was confined to my ear , when you imagined a certain friend of ours in love with the lady ."
2 : 6 Prophesy ye not , say they to them that prophesy : they shall not prophesy to them , that they shall not take shame .
48 : 8 As we have heard , so have we seen in the city of the LORD of hosts , in the city of our God : God will establish it for ever .
20 : 1 Now Pashur the son of Immer the priest , who was also chief governor in the house of the LORD , heard that Jeremiah prophesied these things .
And others said , That it is a prophet , or as one of the prophets .
And they said , Seven , and a few little fishes .
15 : 3 And he walked in all the sins of his father , which he had done before him : and his heart was not perfect with the LORD his God , as the heart of David his father .
This point was just arranged , when a visitor arrived to tear Emma ' s thoughts a little from the one subject which had engrossed them , sleeping or waking , the last twenty - four hours -- Mrs . Weston , who had been calling on her daughter - in - law elect , and took Hartfield in her way home , almost as much in duty to Emma as in pleasure to herself , to relate all the particulars of so interesting an interview .
3 : 28 Ye yourselves bear me witness , that I said , I am not the Christ , but that I am sent before him .
A very few minutes more , however , completed the present trial .
25 : 11 And thou shalt overlay it with pure gold , within and without shalt thou overlay it , and shalt make upon it a crown of gold round about .
Mr . Weston gave her the history of the engagements at Enscombe , which allowed his son to answer for having an entire fortnight at his command , as well as the route and the method of his journey ; and she listened , and smiled , and congratulated .
--
A glass of wine , which Elinor procured for her directly , made her more comfortable , and she was at last able to express some sense of her kindness , by saying ,
15 : 28 Even in the third year of Asa king of Judah did Baasha slay him , and reigned in his stead .
You can have been acquainted with it only since I came to Bath , excepting as you might hear me previously spoken of in my own family ."
Edward could only attempt an explanation by supposing , that , perhaps , at first accidentally meeting , the vanity of the one had been so worked on by the flattery of the other , as to lead by degrees to all the rest .
1 : 24 Shem , Arphaxad , Shelah , 1 : 25 Eber , Peleg , Reu , 1 : 26 Serug , Nahor , Terah , 1 : 27 Abram ; the same is Abraham .
Anne was startled and confused ; but after standing in a moment ' s suspense , was obliged , and not sorry to be obliged , to hurry away .
10 : 27 My sheep hear my voice , and I know them , and they follow me : 10 : 28 And I give unto them eternal life ; and they shall never perish , neither shall any man pluck them out of my hand .
8 : 17 And in every province , and in every city , whithersoever the king ' s commandment and his decree came , the Jews had joy and gladness , a feast and a good day .
When the visit was returned , Emma made up her mind .
Well , and so this was kept a great secret , for fear of Mrs . Ferrars , and neither she nor your brother or sister suspected a word of the matter ;-- till this very morning , poor Nancy , who , you know , is a well - meaning creature , but no conjurer , popt it all out .
intendest thou to kill me , as thou killedst the Egyptian ?
The Baronet will never set the Thames on fire , but there seems to be no harm in him ."
13 : 44 Again , the kingdom of heaven is like unto treasure hid in a field ; the which when a man hath found , he hideth , and for joy thereof goeth and selleth all that he hath , and buyeth that field .
7 : 7 Of the tribe of Simeon were sealed twelve thousand .
9 : 35 And Gaal the son of Ebed went out , and stood in the entering of the gate of the city : and Abimelech rose up , and the people that were with him , from lying in wait .
She was then interrupted by Harriet ' s coming in ; and if Harriet ' s praise could have satisfied her , she might soon have been comforted .
52 : 27 And the king of Babylon smote them , and put them to death in Riblah in the land of Hamath .
8 : 5 And Ezra opened the book in the sight of all the people ; ( for he was above all the people ;) and when he opened it , all the people stood up : 8 : 6 And Ezra blessed the LORD , the great God .
I should like it of all things ," was not plainer in words than manner .
14 : 28 Ye have heard how I said unto you , I go away , and come again unto you .
Selah .
15 : 9 The way of the wicked is an abomination unto the LORD : but he loveth him that followeth after righteousness .
17 : 12 And as he entered into a certain village , there met him ten men that were lepers , which stood afar off : 17 : 13 And they lifted up their voices , and said , Jesus , Master , have mercy on us .
15 : 2 And their south border was from the shore of the salt sea , from the bay that looketh southward : 15 : 3 And it went out to the south side to Maalehacrabbim , and passed along to Zin , and ascended up on the south side unto Kadeshbarnea , and passed along to Hezron , and went up to Adar , and fetched a compass to Karkaa : 15 : 4 From thence it passed toward Azmon , and went out unto the river of Egypt ; and the goings out of that coast were at the sea : this shall be your south coast .
14 : 20 And another said , I have married a wife , and therefore I cannot come .
He had imagined himself indifferent , when he had only been angry ; and he had been unjust to her merits , because he had been a sufferer from them .
5 : 24 Neither say they in their heart , Let us now fear the LORD our God , that giveth rain , both the former and the latter , in his season : he reserveth unto us the appointed weeks of the harvest .
19 : 10 And the third lot came up for the children of Zebulun according to their families : and the border of their inheritance was unto Sarid : 19 : 11 And their border went up toward the sea , and Maralah , and reached to Dabbasheth , and reached to the river that is before Jokneam ; 19 : 12 And turned from Sarid eastward toward the sunrising unto the border of Chislothtabor , and then goeth out to Daberath , and goeth up to Japhia , 19 : 13 And from thence passeth on along on the east to Gittahhepher , to Ittahkazin , and goeth out to Remmonmethoar to Neah ; 19 : 14 And the border compasseth it on the north side to Hannathon : and the outgoings thereof are in the valley of Jiphthahel : 19 : 15 And Kattath , and Nahallal , and Shimron , and Idalah , and Bethlehem : twelve cities with their villages .
Have you heard from Mrs . John Knightley lately ?
23 : 2 Therefore thus saith the LORD God of Israel against the pastors that feed my people ; Ye have scattered my flock , and driven them away , and have not visited them : behold , I will visit upon you the evil of your doings , saith the LORD .
" Oh !
14 : 1 Behold , the day of the LORD cometh , and thy spoil shall be divided in the midst of thee .
I dare say Miss Nash would envy you such an opportunity as this of being married .
" Then you would have told me , that it might or might not have happened .
1 : 11 To what purpose is the multitude of your sacrifices unto me ?
Oh !
29 : 8 For thus saith the LORD of hosts , the God of Israel ; Let not your prophets and your diviners , that be in the midst of you , deceive you , neither hearken to your dreams which ye cause to be dreamed .
And there were also with him other little ships .
thou hast mocked me these three times , and hast not told me wherein thy great strength lieth .
Yet she could not bear this silence .
By birth she belonged to Highbury : and when at three years old , on losing her mother , she became the property , the charge , the consolation , the fondling of her grandmother and aunt , there had seemed every probability of her being permanently fixed there ; of her being taught only what very limited means could command , and growing up with no advantages of connexion or improvement , to be engrafted on what nature had given her in a pleasing person , good understanding , and warm - hearted , well - meaning relations .
31 : 51 And Moses and Eleazar the priest took the gold of them , even all wrought jewels .
6 : 11 Therefore the heart of the king of Syria was sore troubled for this thing ; and he called his servants , and said unto them , Will ye not shew me which of us is for the king of Israel ?
21 : 8 And David said unto Ahimelech , And is there not here under thine hand spear or sword ?
He shook his head ; but there was a smile of indulgence with it , and he only said ,
11 : 2 And the people cried unto Moses ; and when Moses prayed unto the LORD , the fire was quenched .
so silly -- so satisfied -- so smiling -- so prosing -- so undistinguishing and unfastidious -- and so apt to tell every thing relative to every body about me , I would marry to - morrow .
5 : 11 Go ye , get you straw where ye can find it : yet not ought of your work shall be diminished .
It will be quite delightful , I declare !
22 : 12 Thou shalt make thee fringes upon the four quarters of thy vesture , wherewith thou coverest thyself .
10 : 40 But Martha was cumbered about much serving , and came to him , and said , Lord , dost thou not care that my sister hath left me to serve alone ?
17 : 22 Thus saith the Lord GOD ; I will also take of the highest branch of the high cedar , and will set it ; I will crop off from the top of his young twigs a tender one , and will plant it upon an high mountain and eminent : 17 : 23 In the mountain of the height of Israel will I plant it : and it shall bring forth boughs , and bear fruit , and be a goodly cedar : and under it shall dwell all fowl of every wing ; in the shadow of the branches thereof shall they dwell .
12 : 20 And it came to pass , when all Israel heard that Jeroboam was come again , that they sent and called him unto the congregation , and made him king over all Israel : there was none that followed the house of David , but the tribe of Judah only .
9 : 2 The floor and the winepress shall not feed them , and the new wine shall fail in her .
4 : 3 For I was my father ' s son , tender and only beloved in the sight of my mother .
33 : 11 And they removed from the Red sea , and encamped in the wilderness of Sin .
" Nay ," cried Mrs . Jennings , " I am sure I shall be monstrous glad of Miss Marianne ' s company , whether Miss Dashwood will go or not , only the more the merrier say I , and I thought it would be more comfortable for them to be together ; because , if they got tired of me , they might talk to one another , and laugh at my old ways behind my back .
18 : 1 And he spake a parable unto them to this end , that men ought always to pray , and not to faint ; 18 : 2 Saying , There was in a city a judge , which feared not God , neither regarded man : 18 : 3 And there was a widow in that city ; and she came unto him , saying , Avenge me of mine adversary .
52 : 15 Then Nebuzaradan the captain of the guard carried away captive certain of the poor of the people , and the residue of the people that remained in the city , and those that fell away , that fell to the king of Babylon , and the rest of the multitude .
24 : 30 The sons also of Mushi ; Mahli , and Eder , and Jerimoth .
20 : 33 And Saul cast a javelin at him to smite him : whereby Jonathan knew that it was determined of his father to slay David .
In his marrying such a woman therefore there would be nothing unsuitable .
" When I have seen Mr . Elton ," replied Jane , " I dare say I shall be interested -- but I believe it requires _that_ with me .
12 : 30 And the priests and the Levites purified themselves , and purified the people , and the gates , and the wall .
38 : 8 Or who shut up the sea with doors , when it brake forth , as if it had issued out of the womb ?
76 : 9 When God arose to judgment , to save all the meek of the earth .
21 : 9 And the priest said , The sword of Goliath the Philistine , whom thou slewest in the valley of Elah , behold , it is here wrapped in a cloth behind the ephod : if thou wilt take that , take it : for there is no other save that here .
And Gallio cared for none of those things .
18 : 15 The merchants of these things , which were made rich by her , shall stand afar off for the fear of her torment , weeping and wailing , 18 : 16 And saying , Alas , alas that great city , that was clothed in fine linen , and purple , and scarlet , and decked with gold , and precious stones , and pearls !
10 : 19 And over the host of the tribe of the children of Simeon was Shelumiel the son of Zurishaddai .
46 : 20 Then said he unto me , This is the place where the priests shall boil the trespass offering and the sin offering , where they shall bake the meat offering ; that they bear them not out into the utter court , to sanctify the people .
12 : 4 But thou , O Daniel , shut up the words , and seal the book , even to the time of the end : many shall run to and fro , and knowledge shall be increased .
Amen .
20 : 20 And I will shoot three arrows on the side thereof , as though I shot at a mark .
Martin ?"
23 : 44 Yet they went in unto her , as they go in unto a woman that playeth the harlot : so went they in unto Aholah and unto Aholibah , the lewd women .
23 : 9 For from the top of the rocks I see him , and from the hills I behold him : lo , the people shall dwell alone , and shall not be reckoned among the nations .
And it is no small credit , in my opinion , to him , that he should excite such an affection ; for , though I would not say it to any body else , she has no more heart than a stone to people in general ; and the devil of a temper ."
27 : 23 But David took not the number of them from twenty years old and under : because the LORD had said he would increase Israel like to the stars of the heavens .
Now , it so happened that in spite of Emma ' s resolution of never marrying , there was something in the name , in the idea of Mr . Frank Churchill , which always interested her .
Her letter was scarcely finished , when a rap foretold a visitor , and Colonel Brandon was announced .
They had travelled half their way along the rough lane , before she was quite awake to what they said .
This friend , and Sir Walter , did not marry , whatever might have been anticipated on that head by their acquaintance .
19 : 2 But Jonathan Saul ' s son delighted much in David : and Jonathan told David , saying , Saul my father seeketh to kill thee : now therefore , I pray thee , take heed to thyself until the morning , and abide in a secret place , and hide thyself : 19 : 3 And I will go out and stand beside my father in the field where thou art , and I will commune with my father of thee ; and what I see , that I will tell thee .
10 : 12 Then spake Joshua to the LORD in the day when the LORD delivered up the Amorites before the children of Israel , and he said in the sight of Israel , Sun , stand thou still upon Gibeon ; and thou , Moon , in the valley of Ajalon .
But David abode in the wilderness , and he saw that Saul came after him into the wilderness .
14 : 24 The LORD of hosts hath sworn , saying , Surely as I have thought , so shall it come to pass ; and as I have purposed , so shall it stand : 14 : 25 That I will break the Assyrian in my land , and upon my mountains tread him under foot : then shall his yoke depart from off them , and his burden depart from off their shoulders .
48 : 20 Go ye forth of Babylon , flee ye from the Chaldeans , with a voice of singing declare ye , tell this , utter it even to the end of the earth ; say ye , The LORD hath redeemed his servant Jacob .
5 : 22 His own iniquities shall take the wicked himself , and he shall be holden with the cords of his sins .
Not a soul suspected anything of the matter , not even Nancy , who , poor soul !
15 : 7 And Saul smote the Amalekites from Havilah until thou comest to Shur , that is over against Egypt .
7 : 19 And John calling unto him two of his disciples sent them to Jesus , saying , Art thou he that should come ?
He felt the disappointment of the young man , and was mortified to have been the means of promoting it , by the sanction he had given ; and the part which he was persuaded Emma had taken in the affair , was provoking him exceedingly .
13 : 20 Only do not two things unto me : then will I not hide myself from thee .
4 : 4 Stand in awe , and sin not : commune with your own heart upon your bed , and be still .
no , indeed ."
" In this affair it can only do harm ; more so perhaps than in many cases of a similar kind , for it has been attended by circumstances which , for the sake of every one concerned in it , make it unfit to become the public conversation .
27 : 38 Then were there two thieves crucified with him , one on the right hand , and another on the left .
They would soon , she supposed , be settled at Delaford .-- Delaford ,-- that place in which so much conspired to give her an interest ; which she wished to be acquainted with , and yet desired to avoid .
4 : 12 There is one lawgiver , who is able to save and to destroy : who art thou that judgest another ?
4 : 9 Two are better than one ; because they have a good reward for their labour .
48 : 34 At the west side four thousand and five hundred , with their three gates ; one gate of Gad , one gate of Asher , one gate of Naphtali .
Lord bless me !
6 : 40 The disciple is not above his master : but every one that is perfect shall be as his master .
She had never received from her more than outward attention , nothing beyond the observances of complaisance ; had never succeeded in any point which she wanted to carry , against previous inclination .
There would have been either the ostentation of a coxcomb , or the evasions of a mind too weak to defend its own vanities .-- No , I am perfectly sure that he is not trifling or silly ."
3 : 8 Bring forth therefore fruits meet for repentance : 3 : 9 And think not to say within yourselves , We have Abraham to our father : for I say unto you , that God is able of these stones to raise up children unto Abraham .
It was not Lucy ' s business to put herself forward , and the appearance of secrecy must still be kept up .
And it was now dark , and Jesus was not come to them .
19 : 1 And Jehoshaphat the king of Judah returned to his house in peace to Jerusalem .
7 : 23 And then will I profess unto them , I never knew you : depart from me , ye that work iniquity .
One of those points on which his influence failed , he then mentioned .
23 : 16 And as Josiah turned himself , he spied the sepulchres that were there in the mount , and sent , and took the bones out of the sepulchres , and burned them upon the altar , and polluted it , according to the word of the LORD which the man of God proclaimed , who proclaimed these words .
Anne would have been particularly obliged to her cousin , if he would have walked by her side all the way to Camden Place , without saying a word .
71 : 10 For mine enemies speak against me ; and they that lay wait for my soul take counsel together ,
It must be all conjecture ."
43 : 3 And it was according to the appearance of the vision which I saw , even according to the vision that I saw when I came to destroy the city : and the visions were like the vision that I saw by the river Chebar ; and I fell upon my face .
6 : 10 For God is not unrighteous to forget your work and labour of love , which ye have shewed toward his name , in that ye have ministered to the saints , and do minister .
15 : 1 And the Spirit of God came upon Azariah the son of Oded : 15 : 2 And he went out to meet Asa , and said unto him , Hear ye me , Asa , and all Judah and Benjamin ; The LORD is with you , while ye be with him ; and if ye seek him , he will be found of you ; but if ye forsake him , he will forsake you .
9 : 33 And he came to Capernaum : and being in the house he asked them , What was it that ye disputed among yourselves by the way ?
4 : 20 They are destroyed from morning to evening : they perish for ever without any regarding it .
3 : 6 And he garnished the house with precious stones for beauty : and the gold was gold of Parvaim .
or will he harrow the valleys after thee ?
36 : 6 Prophesy therefore concerning the land of Israel , and say unto the mountains , and to the hills , to the rivers , and to the valleys , Thus saith the Lord GOD ; Behold , I have spoken in my jealousy and in my fury , because ye have borne the shame of the heathen : 36 : 7 Therefore thus saith the Lord GOD ; I have lifted up mine hand , Surely the heathen that are about you , they shall bear their shame .
6 : 21 This is the law of the Nazarite who hath vowed , and of his offering unto the LORD for his separation , beside that that his hand shall get : according to the vow which he vowed , so he must do after the law of his separation .
Mr . and Mrs . John Knightley were to come down in August , and she was invited to remain till they could bring her back .
41 : 29 Darts are counted as stubble : he laugheth at the shaking of a spear .
" I am going home , and you have an engagement with your friend .
7 : 48 Have any of the rulers or of the Pharisees believed on him ?
They would be estimated very differently by others as well as myself ; Mr . Martin may be the richest of the two , but he is undoubtedly her inferior as to rank in society .-- The sphere in which she moves is much above his .-- It would be a degradation ."
3 : 13 And I have also given thee that which thou hast not asked , both riches , and honour : so that there shall not be any among the kings like unto thee all thy days .
26 : 30 And thou shalt rear up the tabernacle according to the fashion thereof which was shewed thee in the mount .
8 : 10 And Elisha said unto him , Go , say unto him , Thou mayest certainly recover : howbeit the LORD hath shewed me that he shall surely die .
" Nay , nay , read on .-- You will find how very much he suffers ."
He might have doubled his presumption to me -- but poor Harriet !"
3 : 24 When he was gone out , his servants came ; and when they saw that , behold , the doors of the parlour were locked , they said , Surely he covereth his feet in his summer chamber .
25 : 12 Now these are the generations of Ishmael , Abraham ' s son , whom Hagar the Egyptian , Sarah ' s handmaid , bare unto Abraham : 25 : 13 And these are the names of the sons of Ishmael , by their names , according to their generations : the firstborn of Ishmael , Nebajoth ; and Kedar , and Adbeel , and Mibsam , 25 : 14 And Mishma , and Dumah , and Massa , 25 : 15 Hadar , and Tema , Jetur , Naphish , and Kedemah : 25 : 16 These are the sons of Ishmael , and these are their names , by their towns , and by their castles ; twelve princes according to their nations .
" But it rains ."
6 : 23 And the young men that were spies went in , and brought out Rahab , and her father , and her mother , and her brethren , and all that she had ; and they brought out all her kindred , and left them without the camp of Israel .
16 : 5 And it came to pass , when Baasha heard it , that he left off building of Ramah , and let his work cease .
17 : 1 Better is a dry morsel , and quietness therewith , than an house full of sacrifices with strife .
Let me not suppose that she dares go about , Emma Woodhouse - ing me !-- But upon my honour , there seems no limits to the licentiousness of that woman ' s tongue !"
28 : 15 And thou shalt make the breastplate of judgment with cunning work ; after the work of the ephod thou shalt make it ; of gold , of blue , and of purple , and of scarlet , and of fine twined linen , shalt thou make it .
6 : 1 Now these are the commandments , the statutes , and the judgments , which the LORD your God commanded to teach you , that ye might do them in the land whither ye go to possess it : 6 : 2 That thou mightest fear the LORD thy God , to keep all his statutes and his commandments , which I command thee , thou , and thy son , and thy son ' s son , all the days of thy life ; and that thy days may be prolonged .
We are quite near relations , you know ; and Mr Elliot too , whom you ought so particularly to be acquainted with !
12 : 5 The thoughts of the righteous are right : but the counsels of the wicked are deceit .
Supposing it possible that they are not engaged , what distress would not such an enquiry inflict !
41 : 34 He beholdeth all high things : he is a king over all the children of pride .
Mrs . Goddard , and the teachers , and the girls and the affairs of the school in general , formed naturally a great part of the conversation -- and but for her acquaintance with the Martins of Abbey - Mill Farm , it must have been the whole .
29 : 2 And ye shall offer a burnt offering for a sweet savour unto the LORD ; one young bullock , one ram , and seven lambs of the first year without blemish : 29 : 3 And their meat offering shall be of flour mingled with oil , three tenth deals for a bullock , and two tenth deals for a ram , 29 : 4 And one tenth deal for one lamb , throughout the seven lambs : 29 : 5 And one kid of the goats for a sin offering , to make an atonement for you : 29 : 6 Beside the burnt offering of the month , and his meat offering , and the daily burnt offering , and his meat offering , and their drink offerings , according unto their manner , for a sweet savour , a sacrifice made by fire unto the LORD .
22 : 52 And he did evil in the sight of the LORD , and walked in the way of his father , and in the way of his mother , and in the way of Jeroboam the son of Nebat , who made Israel to sin : 22 : 53 For he served Baal , and worshipped him , and provoked to anger the LORD God of Israel , according to all that his father had done .
7 : 4 The first was like a lion , and had eagle ' s wings : I beheld till the wings thereof were plucked , and it was lifted up from the earth , and made stand upon the feet as a man , and a man ' s heart was given to it .
It is not a connexion to gratify ; but if Mr . Churchill does not feel that , why should we ?
16 : 8 In the twenty and sixth year of Asa king of Judah began Elah the son of Baasha to reign over Israel in Tirzah , two years .
15 : 5 And Saul came to a city of Amalek , and laid wait in the valley .
But the feelings of the past could not be recalled .-- Nothing could restore him with a faith unbroken -- a character unblemished , to Marianne .
23 : 33 Thou shalt be filled with drunkenness and sorrow , with the cup of astonishment and desolation , with the cup of thy sister Samaria .
how unhappy I make you !"
If you had only sent him to Westminster as well as myself , instead of sending him to Mr . Pratt ' s , all this would have been prevented .'
22 : 10 And I said , What shall I do , LORD ?
He looked around , as if to see that no one were near , and then said ,
All his righteousness that he hath done shall not be mentioned : in his trespass that he hath trespassed , and in his sin that he hath sinned , in them shall he die .
45 : 2 Thou art fairer than the children of men : grace is poured into thy lips : therefore God hath blessed thee for ever .
55 : 5 Fearfulness and trembling are come upon me , and horror hath overwhelmed me .
CHAPTER III
see thou to that .
38 : 1 Then the LORD answered Job out of the whirlwind , and said , 38 : 2 Who is this that darkeneth counsel by words without knowledge ?
3 : 3 Now these are the things wherein Solomon was instructed for the building of the house of God .
" Poor young man !"
Mr . Knightley , in fact , was one of the few people who could see faults in Emma Woodhouse , and the only one who ever told her of them : and though this was not particularly agreeable to Emma herself , she knew it would be so much less so to her father , that she would not have him really suspect such a circumstance as her not being thought perfect by every body .
I am sure he has not the least idea of it .
But at last a soft , genial morning appeared ; such as might tempt the daughter ' s wishes and the mother ' s confidence ; and Marianne , leaning on Elinor ' s arm , was authorised to walk as long as she could without fatigue , in the lane before the house .
31 : 8 And hast not shut me up into the hand of the enemy : thou hast set my feet in a large room .
17 : 15 Behold , they say unto me , Where is the word of the LORD ?
31 : 14 And I will satiate the soul of the priests with fatness , and my people shall be satisfied with my goodness , saith the LORD .
The great Mrs . Churchill was no more .
13 : 52 Then said he unto them , Therefore every scribe which is instructed unto the kingdom of heaven is like unto a man that is an householder , which bringeth forth out of his treasure things new and old .
18 : 15 Thou shalt not uncover the nakedness of thy daughter in law : she is thy son ' s wife ; thou shalt not uncover her nakedness .
the LORD said unto me , Go up against this land , and destroy it .
30 : 1 And it shall come to pass , when all these things are come upon thee , the blessing and the curse , which I have set before thee , and thou shalt call them to mind among all the nations , whither the LORD thy God hath driven thee , 30 : 2 And shalt return unto the LORD thy God , and shalt obey his voice according to all that I command thee this day , thou and thy children , with all thine heart , and with all thy soul ; 30 : 3 That then the LORD thy God will turn thy captivity , and have compassion upon thee , and will return and gather thee from all the nations , whither the LORD thy God hath scattered thee .
57 : 5 Be thou exalted , O God , above the heavens ; let thy glory be above all the earth .
For Jacob knew not that Rachel had stolen them .
She prized the frank , the open - hearted , the eager character beyond all others .
who hath established all the ends of the earth ?
9 : 43 And if thy hand offend thee , cut it off : it is better for thee to enter into life maimed , than having two hands to go into hell , into the fire that never shall be quenched : 9 : 44 Where their worm dieth not , and the fire is not quenched .
20 : 7 If he say thus , It is well ; thy servant shall have peace : but if he be very wroth , then be sure that evil is determined by him .
15 : 10 But by the grace of God I am what I am : and his grace which was bestowed upon me was not in vain ; but I laboured more abundantly than they all : yet not I , but the grace of God which was with me .
41 : 20 Out of his nostrils goeth smoke , as out of a seething pot or caldron .
Randalls is such a distance .
There could not be a doubt , to her mind there was none , of what would follow her recovery .
2 : 4 For they are impudent children and stiffhearted .
9 : 30 And Solomon reigned in Jerusalem over all Israel forty years .
here come the Richardsons .
Take Mark , and bring him with thee : for he is profitable to me for the ministry .
17 : 16 But if he wash them not , nor bathe his flesh ; then he shall bear his iniquity .
I should not attempt it , if it were to be the means of inconvenience to the Highbury people , but if you call to mind exactly the present line of the path .
I do not think they improve at all as neighbours .
5 : 2 Also in time past , when Saul was king over us , thou wast he that leddest out and broughtest in Israel : and the LORD said to thee , Thou shalt feed my people Israel , and thou shalt be a captain over Israel .
Thank ye , the gloves do very well -- only a little too large about the wrist ; but Jane is taking them in ."
31 : 22 She maketh herself coverings of tapestry ; her clothing is silk and purple .
Elinor ' s compassion for him increased , as she had reason to suspect that the misery of disappointed love had already been known to him .
And he said unto the woman , Yea , hath God said , Ye shall not eat of every tree of the garden ?
In any other place Sir Walter might judge for himself ; and would be looked up to , as regulating the modes of life in whatever way he might choose to model his household ."
3 : 5 He therefore that ministereth to you the Spirit , and worketh miracles among you , doeth he it by the works of the law , or by the hearing of faith ?
8 : 18 And the LORD said unto David my father , Whereas it was in thine heart to build an house unto my name , thou didst well that it was in thine heart .
She could thoroughly comprehend the sort of fascination he must possess over Lady Russell ' s mind , the difficulty it must be for her to withdraw her eyes , the astonishment she must be feeling that eight or nine years should have passed over him , and in foreign climes and in active service too , without robbing him of one personal grace !
48 : 14 And Israel stretched out his right hand , and laid it upon Ephraim ' s head , who was the younger , and his left hand upon Manasseh ' s head , guiding his hands wittingly ; for Manasseh was the firstborn .
10 : 17 Now therefore forgive , I pray thee , my sin only this once , and intreat the LORD your God , that he may take away from me this death only .
I have been always used to a very small income , and could struggle with any poverty for him ; but I love him too well to be the selfish means of robbing him , perhaps , of all that his mother might give him if he married to please her .
21 : 26 And Abimelech said , I wot not who hath done this thing ; neither didst thou tell me , neither yet heard I of it , but to day .
They knew not each other ' s opinion , either its constancy or its change , on the one leading point of Anne ' s conduct , for the subject was never alluded to ; but Anne , at seven - and - twenty , thought very differently from what she had been made to think at nineteen .
His attentive deference to her father , contrasted with his former language , was odious ; and when she thought of his cruel conduct towards Mrs Smith , she could hardly bear the sight of his present smiles and mildness , or the sound of his artificial good sentiments .
16 : 23 And in that day ye shall ask me nothing .
7 : 48 And he said unto her , Thy sins are forgiven .
I suppose he was afraid of finding it dull ; but upon my word I should have thought we were lively enough at the Cottage for such a heart - broken man as Captain Benwick ."
14 : 14 For we must needs die , and are as water spilt on the ground , which cannot be gathered up again ; neither doth God respect any person : yet doth he devise means , that his banished be not expelled from him .
16 : 30 So the people rested on the seventh day .
Ours are all apple - tarts .
13 : 4 If the bright spot be white in the skin of his flesh , and in sight be not deeper than the skin , and the hair thereof be not turned white ; then the priest shall shut up him that hath the plague seven days : 13 : 5 And the priest shall look on him the seventh day : and , behold , if the plague in his sight be at a stay , and the plague spread not in the skin ; then the priest shall shut him up seven days more : 13 : 6 And the priest shall look on him again the seventh day : and , behold , if the plague be somewhat dark , and the plague spread not in the skin , the priest shall pronounce him clean : it is but a scab : and he shall wash his clothes , and be clean .
And the singers sang loud , with Jezrahiah their overseer .
16 : 18 Judges and officers shalt thou make thee in all thy gates , which the LORD thy God giveth thee , throughout thy tribes : and they shall judge the people with just judgment .
2 : 5 His mother saith unto the servants , Whatsoever he saith unto you , do it .
They settled in town , received very liberal assistance from Mrs . Ferrars , were on the best terms imaginable with the Dashwoods ; and setting aside the jealousies and ill - will continually subsisting between Fanny and Lucy , in which their husbands of course took a part , as well as the frequent domestic disagreements between Robert and Lucy themselves , nothing could exceed the harmony in which they all lived together .
Soon afterwards he began again ,
3 : 4 Whosoever committeth sin transgresseth also the law : for sin is the transgression of the law .
Then continuing his former tone , he said , " And yet this house you would spoil , Mrs . Dashwood ?
Her many beginnings were displayed .
50 : 4 And when the days of his mourning were past , Joseph spake unto the house of Pharaoh , saying , If now I have found grace in your eyes , speak , I pray you , in the ears of Pharaoh , saying , 50 : 5 My father made me swear , saying , Lo , I die : in my grave which I have digged for me in the land of Canaan , there shalt thou bury me .
27 : 7 And when we had sailed slowly many days , and scarce were come over against Cnidus , the wind not suffering us , we sailed under Crete , over against Salmone ; 27 : 8 And , hardly passing it , came unto a place which is called The fair havens ; nigh whereunto was the city of Lasea .
25 : 2 And she bare him Zimran , and Jokshan , and Medan , and Midian , and Ishbak , and Shuah .
2 : 8 And Joshua the son of Nun , the servant of the LORD , died , being an hundred and ten years old .
11 : 16 A gracious woman retaineth honour : and strong men retain riches .
She was not so materially cast down , however , but that a little time and the return of Harriet were very adequate restoratives .
4 : 6 And she sent and called Barak the son of Abinoam out of Kedeshnaphtali , and said unto him , Hath not the LORD God of Israel commanded , saying , Go and draw toward mount Tabor , and take with thee ten thousand men of the children of Naphtali and of the children of Zebulun ?
24 : 21 But we trusted that it had been he which should have redeemed Israel : and beside all this , to day is the third day since these things were done .
You are not afraid of being supposed ashamed .
20 : 29 For I know this , that after my departing shall grievous wolves enter in among you , not sparing the flock .
2 : 12 Now therefore , I pray you , swear unto me by the LORD , since I have shewed you kindness , that ye will also shew kindness unto my father ' s house , and give me a true token : 2 : 13 And that ye will save alive my father , and my mother , and my brethren , and my sisters , and all that they have , and deliver our lives from death .
As soon as Elinor had finished it , she performed what she concluded to be its writer ' s real design , by placing it in the hands of Mrs . Jennings , who read it aloud with many comments of satisfaction and praise .
5 : 19 But the angel of the Lord by night opened the prison doors , and brought them forth , and said , 5 : 20 Go , stand and speak in the temple to the people all the words of this life .
10 : 34 And we cast the lots among the priests , the Levites , and the people , for the wood offering , to bring it into the house of our God , after the houses of our fathers , at times appointed year by year , to burn upon the altar of the LORD our God , as it is written in the law : 10 : 35 And to bring the firstfruits of our ground , and the firstfruits of all fruit of all trees , year by year , unto the house of the LORD : 10 : 36 Also the firstborn of our sons , and of our cattle , as it is written in the law , and the firstlings of our herds and of our flocks , to bring to the house of our God , unto the priests that minister in the house of our God : 10 : 37 And that we should bring the firstfruits of our dough , and our offerings , and the fruit of all manner of trees , of wine and of oil , unto the priests , to the chambers of the house of our God ; and the tithes of our ground unto the Levites , that the same Levites might have the tithes in all the cities of our tillage .
16 : 17 Then said some of his disciples among themselves , What is this that he saith unto us , A little while , and ye shall not see me : and again , a little while , and ye shall see me : and , Because I go to the Father ?
She blushed at this hint ; but it was even visibly gratifying to her ; and after a ten minutes ' interval of earnest thought , she came to her sister again , and said with great good humour , " Perhaps , Elinor , it WAS rather ill - judged in me to go to Allenham ; but Mr . Willoughby wanted particularly to shew me the place ; and it is a charming house , I assure you .-- There is one remarkably pretty sitting room up stairs ; of a nice comfortable size for constant use , and with modern furniture it would be delightful .
She must learn to feel that she had been mistaken with regard to both ; that she had been unfairly influenced by appearances in each ; that because Captain Wentworth ' s manners had not suited her own ideas , she had been too quick in suspecting them to indicate a character of dangerous impetuosity ; and that because Mr Elliot ' s manners had precisely pleased her in their propriety and correctness , their general politeness and suavity , she had been too quick in receiving them as the certain result of the most correct opinions and well - regulated mind .
You are my best cure ."
What brother on earth would do half so much for his sisters , even if REALLY his sisters !
5 : 25 Husbands , love your wives , even as Christ also loved the church , and gave himself for it ; 5 : 26 That he might sanctify and cleanse it with the washing of water by the word , 5 : 27 That he might present it to himself a glorious church , not having spot , or wrinkle , or any such thing ; but that it should be holy and without blemish .
Nobody doubts her right to have precedence of mamma , but it would be more becoming in her not to be always insisting on it .
2 : 46 Then the king Nebuchadnezzar fell upon his face , and worshipped Daniel , and commanded that they should offer an oblation and sweet odours unto him .
then shall ye make me endanger my head to the king .
Waiving that point , however , and supposing her to be , as you describe her , only pretty and good - natured , let me tell you , that in the degree she possesses them , they are not trivial recommendations to the world in general , for she is , in fact , a beautiful girl , and must be thought so by ninety - nine people out of an hundred ; and till it appears that men are much more philosophic on the subject of beauty than they are generally supposed ; till they do fall in love with well - informed minds instead of handsome faces , a girl , with such loveliness as Harriet , has a certainty of being admired and sought after , of having the power of chusing from among many , consequently a claim to be nice .
It made her animated -- open hearted -- she voluntarily said ;--
even against the Holy One of Israel .
2 : 1 How hath the LORD covered the daughter of Zion with a cloud in his anger , and cast down from heaven unto the earth the beauty of Israel , and remembered not his footstool in the day of his anger !
" Such an extraordinary dream of mine !"
7 : 19 For the goodman is not at home , he is gone a long journey : 7 : 20 He hath taken a bag of money with him , and will come home at the day appointed .
even I it is that have sinned and done evil indeed ; but as for these sheep , what have they done ?
Knightley .-- Every other part of her mind was disgusting .
25 : 12 And other ten thousand left alive did the children of Judah carry away captive , and brought them unto the top of the rock , and cast them down from the top of the rock , that they all were broken in pieces .
12 : 1 And he began to speak unto them by parables .
2 : 15 If a brother or sister be naked , and destitute of daily food , 2 : 16 And one of you say unto them , Depart in peace , be ye warmed and filled ; notwithstanding ye give them not those things which are needful to the body ; what doth it profit ?
I knew the name , the place , I knew all about it , and instantly saw what she had been doing .
or wilt thou bind him for thy maidens ?
2 : 7 And thou shalt speak my words unto them , whether they will hear , or whether they will forbear : for they are most rebellious .
" Mr . Willoughby , I advise you at present to return to Combe -- I am not at leisure to remain with you longer .-- Whatever your business may be with me , will it be better recollected and explained to - morrow ."
115 : 9 O Israel , trust thou in the LORD : he is their help and their shield .
That is what she writes about .
wherefore then hast thou not kept thy lord the king ?
23 : 30 Therefore , behold , I am against the prophets , saith the LORD , that steal my words every one from his neighbour .
3 : 14 Sing , O daughter of Zion ; shout , O Israel ; be glad and rejoice with all the heart , O daughter of Jerusalem .
44 : 17 And it shall come to pass , that when they enter in at the gates of the inner court , they shall be clothed with linen garments ; and no wool shall come upon them , whiles they minister in the gates of the inner court , and within .
17 : 30 And the men of Babylon made Succothbenoth , and the men of Cuth made Nergal , and the men of Hamath made Ashima , 17 : 31 And the Avites made Nibhaz and Tartak , and the Sepharvites burnt their children in fire to Adrammelech and Anammelech , the gods of Sepharvaim .
.
" If I understand your brother , he only means so far as your having some thoughts of marrying .
14 : 26 For the LORD saw the affliction of Israel , that it was very bitter : for there was not any shut up , nor any left , nor any helper for Israel .
And it was told Saul that David was escaped from Keilah ; and he forbare to go forth .
40 : 11 And thou shalt anoint the laver and his foot , and sanctify it .
3 : 11 So I sware in my wrath , They shall not enter into my rest .)
Well , Mr . Knightley , and so you actually saw the letter ; well --"
11 : 9 Therefore is the name of it called Babel ; because the LORD did there confound the language of all the earth : and from thence did the LORD scatter them abroad upon the face of all the earth .
25 : 45 Then shall he answer them , saying , Verily I say unto you , Inasmuch as ye did it not to one of the least of these , ye did it not to me .
7 : 17 The children of Azgad , two thousand three hundred twenty and two .
Emma watched them in , and then joined Harriet at the interesting counter ,-- trying , with all the force of her own mind , to convince her that if she wanted plain muslin it was of no use to look at figured ; and that a blue ribbon , be it ever so beautiful , would still never match her yellow pattern .
40 : 28 And he brought me to the inner court by the south gate : and he measured the south gate according to these measures ; 40 : 29 And the little chambers thereof , and the posts thereof , and the arches thereof , according to these measures : and there were windows in it and in the arches thereof round about : it was fifty cubits long , and five and twenty cubits broad .
20 : 19 And the children of Israel said unto him , We will go by the high way : and if I and my cattle drink of thy water , then I will pay for it : I will only , without doing anything else , go through on my feet .
27 : 66 So they went , and made the sepulchre sure , sealing the stone , and setting a watch .
7 : 19 Circumcision is nothing , and uncircumcision is nothing , but the keeping of the commandments of God .
But I cannot believe it of you .
While she was gone , Mr . Knightley called , and sat some time with Mr . Woodhouse and Emma , till Mr . Woodhouse , who had previously made up his mind to walk out , was persuaded by his daughter not to defer it , and was induced by the entreaties of both , though against the scruples of his own civility , to leave Mr . Knightley for that purpose .
" Oh !
20 : 41 And as soon as the lad was gone , David arose out of a place toward the south , and fell on his face to the ground , and bowed himself three times : and they kissed one another , and wept one with another , until David exceeded .
7 : 12 If he offer it for a thanksgiving , then he shall offer with the sacrifice of thanksgiving unleavened cakes mingled with oil , and unleavened wafers anointed with oil , and cakes mingled with oil , of fine flour , fried .
They must keep as much together as they could ;" and James was talked to , and given a charge to go very slow and wait for the other carriage .
I am the root and the offspring of David , and the bright and morning star .
1 : 3 And they said unto me , The remnant that are left of the captivity there in the province are in great affliction and reproach : the wall of Jerusalem also is broken down , and the gates thereof are burned with fire .
27 : 6 And thou shalt make staves for the altar , staves of shittim wood , and overlay them with brass .
28 : 33 The fruit of thy land , and all thy labours , shall a nation which thou knowest not eat up ; and thou shalt be only oppressed and crushed alway : 28 : 34 So that thou shalt be mad for the sight of thine eyes which thou shalt see .
7 : 50 Hath not my hand made all these things ?
10 : 35 And it came to pass , when the ark set forward , that Moses said , Rise up , LORD , and let thine enemies be scattered ; and let them that hate thee flee before thee .
19 : 12 His eyes were as a flame of fire , and on his head were many crowns ; and he had a name written , that no man knew , but he himself .
3 : 15 Yet count him not as an enemy , but admonish him as a brother .
She had always wanted to do every thing , and had made more progress both in drawing and music than many might have done with so little labour as she would ever submit to .
And he went up to him : and , behold , he sat on the top of an hill .
Where _I_ sit is of no consequence .
Emma , finding her so determined upon neglecting her music , had nothing more to say ; and , after a moment ' s pause , Mrs . Elton chose another subject .
12 : 21 Then Moses called for all the elders of Israel , and said unto them , Draw out and take you a lamb according to your families , and kill the passover .
He went his way therefore , and washed , and came seeing .
" Oh !
I like them extremely .
18 : 14 Even so it is not the will of your Father which is in heaven , that one of these little ones should perish .
17 : 11 And Manasseh had in Issachar and in Asher Bethshean and her towns , and Ibleam and her towns , and the inhabitants of Dor and her towns , and the inhabitants of Endor and her towns , and the inhabitants of Taanach and her towns , and the inhabitants of Megiddo and her towns , even three countries .
I have now a key to all her odd looks and ways .
43 : 17 And the man did as Joseph bade ; and the man brought the men into Joseph ' s house .
And the inhabitants of Jerusalem did according to the covenant of God , the God of their fathers .
4 : 17 And Cain knew his wife ; and she conceived , and bare Enoch : and he builded a city , and called the name of the city , after the name of his son , Enoch .
12 : 6 For though I would desire to glory , I shall not be a fool ; for I will say the truth : but now I forbear , lest any man should think of me above that which he seeth me to be , or that he heareth of me .
21 : 9 And there came unto me one of the seven angels which had the seven vials full of the seven last plagues , and talked with me , saying , Come hither , I will shew thee the bride , the Lamb ' s wife .
" One had rather , on such occasions , do too much than too little .
18 : 16 But Jesus called them unto him , and said , Suffer little children to come unto me , and forbid them not : for of such is the kingdom of God .
11 : 8 Ye have feared the sword ; and I will bring a sword upon you , saith the Lord GOD .
Should not you , Mr .
32 : 6 And Moses said unto the children of Gad and to the children of Reuben , Shall your brethren go to war , and shall ye sit here ?
8 : 21 And he answered and said unto them , My mother and my brethren are these which hear the word of God , and do it .
14 : 36 And the men , which Moses sent to search the land , who returned , and made all the congregation to murmur against him , by bringing up a slander upon the land , 14 : 37 Even those men that did bring up the evil report upon the land , died by the plague before the LORD .
40 : 2 Speak ye comfortably to Jerusalem , and cry unto her , that her warfare is accomplished , that her iniquity is pardoned : for she hath received of the LORD ' s hand double for all her sins .
20 : 5 And there was war again with the Philistines ; and Elhanan the son of Jair slew Lahmi the brother of Goliath the Gittite , whose spear staff was like a weaver ' s beam .
9 : 11 But the fig tree said unto them , Should I forsake my sweetness , and my good fruit , and go to be promoted over the trees ?
9 : 14 Even so hath the Lord ordained that they which preach the gospel should live of the gospel .
23 : 1 And the whole multitude of them arose , and led him unto Pilate .
what shall I equal to thee , that I may comfort thee , O virgin daughter of Zion ?
60 : 1 Arise , shine ; for thy light is come , and the glory of the LORD is risen upon thee .
And it came to pass , when the devil was gone out , the dumb spake ; and the people wondered .
" Well !"
4 : 13 But I would not have you to be ignorant , brethren , concerning them which are asleep , that ye sorrow not , even as others which have no hope .
2 : 1 My brethren , have not the faith of our Lord Jesus Christ , the Lord of glory , with respect of persons .
5 : 38 And he cometh to the house of the ruler of the synagogue , and seeth the tumult , and them that wept and wailed greatly .
37 : 20 Now therefore , O LORD our God , save us from his hand , that all the kingdoms of the earth may know that thou art the LORD , even thou only .
4 : 12 Art thou greater than our father Jacob , which gave us the well , and drank thereof himself , and his children , and his cattle ?
She made no reply .
what understandest thou , which is not in us ?
He that speaketh evil of his brother , and judgeth his brother , speaketh evil of the law , and judgeth the law : but if thou judge the law , thou art not a doer of the law , but a judge .
26 : 25 And he builded an altar there , and called upon the name of the LORD , and pitched his tent there : and there Isaac ' s servants digged a well .
10 : 9 And when they had stripped him , they took his head , and his armour , and sent into the land of the Philistines round about , to carry tidings unto their idols , and to the people .
25 : 17 Withdraw thy foot from thy neighbour ' s house ; lest he be weary of thee , and so hate thee .
if these are your only objections ," cried Mrs Smith , archly , " Mr Elliot is safe , and I shall give myself no more trouble about him .
He did not think we ever walked this road .
Perhaps just at present he may be undecided ; the smallness of your fortune may make him hang back ; his friends may all advise him against it .
3 : 4 Yet there shall be a space between you and it , about two thousand cubits by measure : come not near unto it , that ye may know the way by which ye must go : for ye have not passed this way heretofore .
2 : 3 Israel was holiness unto the LORD , and the firstfruits of his increase : all that devour him shall offend ; evil shall come upon them , saith the LORD .
I have observed , Mrs . Elton , in the course of my life , that if things are going untowardly one month , they are sure to mend the next ."
40 : 1 And the LORD spake unto Moses , saying , 40 : 2 On the first day of the first month shalt thou set up the tabernacle of the tent of the congregation .
They were speaking as they drew near .
Marianne had been two or three days at home , before the weather was fine enough for an invalid like herself to venture out .
1 : 17 When they went , they went upon their four sides : and they turned not when they went .
3 : 2 And they watched him , whether he would heal him on the sabbath day ; that they might accuse him .
16 : 29 See , for that the LORD hath given you the sabbath , therefore he giveth you on the sixth day the bread of two days ; abide ye every man in his place , let no man go out of his place on the seventh day .
8 : 4 Where the word of a king is , there is power : and who may say unto him , What doest thou ?
Isabella stept in after her father ; John Knightley , forgetting that he did not belong to their party , stept in after his wife very naturally ; so that Emma found , on being escorted and followed into the second carriage by Mr . Elton , that the door was to be lawfully shut on them , and that they were to have a tete - a - tete drive .
6 : 1 It pleased Darius to set over the kingdom an hundred and twenty princes , which should be over the whole kingdom ; 6 : 2 And over these three presidents ; of whom Daniel was first : that the princes might give accounts unto them , and the king should have no damage .
arise , and be baptized , and wash away thy sins , calling on the name of the Lord .
He replied with his accustomary mildness to all her inquiries , but without satisfying her in any .
22 : 8 And I John saw these things , and heard them .
25 : 12 Thus saith the Lord GOD ; Because that Edom hath dealt against the house of Judah by taking vengeance , and hath greatly offended , and revenged himself upon them ; 25 : 13 Therefore thus saith the Lord GOD ; I will also stretch out mine hand upon Edom , and will cut off man and beast from it ; and I will make it desolate from Teman ; and they of Dedan shall fall by the sword .
5 : 21 And there they left their images , and David and his men burned them .
for in one hour is thy judgment come .
8 : 4 Hear this , O ye that swallow up the needy , even to make the poor of the land to fail , 8 : 5 Saying , When will the new moon be gone , that we may sell corn ?
Composure with a witness !
18 : 8 And he took butter , and milk , and the calf which he had dressed , and set it before them ; and he stood by them under the tree , and they did eat .
20 : 15 Then he numbered the young men of the princes of the provinces , and they were two hundred and thirty two : and after them he numbered all the people , even all the children of Israel , being seven thousand .
10 : 4 Else , if thou refuse to let my people go , behold , to morrow will I bring the locusts into thy coast : 10 : 5 And they shall cover the face of the earth , that one cannot be able to see the earth : and they shall eat the residue of that which is escaped , which remaineth unto you from the hail , and shall eat every tree which groweth for you out of the field : 10 : 6 And they shall fill thy houses , and the houses of all thy servants , and the houses of all the Egyptians ; which neither thy fathers , nor thy fathers ' fathers have seen , since the day that they were upon the earth unto this day .
5 : 14 And I will pluck up thy groves out of the midst of thee : so will I destroy thy cities .
3 : 11 And as the lame man which was healed held Peter and John , all the people ran together unto them in the porch that is called Solomon ' s , greatly wondering .
Miss Woodhouse , I hope nothing may happen to prevent the ball .
2 : 18 Little children , it is the last time : and as ye have heard that antichrist shall come , even now are there many antichrists ; whereby we know that it is the last time .
It will give you every thing that you want -- consideration , independence , a proper home -- it will fix you in the centre of all your real friends , close to Hartfield and to me , and confirm our intimacy for ever .
26 : 25 And they shall be eight boards , and their sockets of silver , sixteen sockets ; two sockets under one board , and two sockets under another board .
A few inferior dwellings were first to be passed , and then , about a quarter of a mile down the lane rose the Vicarage , an old and not very good house , almost as close to the road as it could be .
33 : 24 And they removed from mount Shapher , and encamped in Haradah .
And his heart was moved , and the heart of his people , as the trees of the wood are moved with the wind .
cried Anne eagerly , " I hope I do justice to all that is felt by you , and by those who resemble you .
22 : 20 He brought me forth also into a large place : he delivered me , because he delighted in me .
Mr and Mrs Musgrove were a very good sort of people ; friendly and hospitable , not much educated , and not at all elegant .
7 : 41 And they made a calf in those days , and offered sacrifice unto the idol , and rejoiced in the works of their own hands .
3 : 27 For as many of you as have been baptized into Christ have put on Christ .
10 : 21 Unto Shem also , the father of all the children of Eber , the brother of Japheth the elder , even to him were children born .
Jane Fairfax ' s perception seemed to accompany his ; her comprehension was certainly more equal to the covert meaning , the superior intelligence , of those five letters so arranged .
Elinor could not find herself in the carriage with Mrs . Jennings , and beginning a journey to London under her protection , and as her guest , without wondering at her own situation , so short had their acquaintance with that lady been , so wholly unsuited were they in age and disposition , and so many had been her objections against such a measure only a few days before !
And Absalom passed over Jordan , he and all the men of Israel with him .
She meant to be very happy , in spite of the scene being laid at Mr . Cole ' s ; and without being able to forget that among the failings of Mr . Elton , even in the days of his favour , none had disturbed her more than his propensity to dine with Mr . Cole .
119 : 60 I made haste , and delayed not to keep thy commandments .
Chapter 6
8 : 16 And Joab the son of Zeruiah was over the host ; and Jehoshaphat the son of Ahilud was recorder ; 8 : 17 And Zadok the son of Ahitub , and Ahimelech the son of Abiathar , were the priests ; and Seraiah was the scribe ; 8 : 18 And Benaiah the son of Jehoiada was over both the Cherethites and the Pelethites ; and David ' s sons were chief rulers .
The whole party were but just reassembled in the drawing - room when Mr . Weston made his appearance among them .
4 : 14 For out of prison he cometh to reign ; whereas also he that is born in his kingdom becometh poor .
135 : 17 They have ears , but they hear not ; neither is there any breath in their mouths .
So Satan went forth from the presence of the LORD .
Anne had done ; glad that it was over , and not absolutely hopeless of doing good .
The plan was that she should be brought up for educating others ; the very few hundred pounds which she inherited from her father making independence impossible .
3 : 6 And she went down unto the floor , and did according to all that her mother in law bade her .
27 : 11 And Jesus stood before the governor : and the governor asked him , saying , Art thou the King of the Jews ?
21 : 10 Then said he unto them , Nation shall rise against nation , and kingdom against kingdom : 21 : 11 And great earthquakes shall be in divers places , and famines , and pestilences ; and fearful sights and great signs shall there be from heaven .
I believe you did not hear me telling the others in the drawing - room that we are expecting Frank .
137 : 9 Happy shall he be , that taketh and dasheth thy little ones against the stones .
34 : 5 And Jacob heard that he had defiled Dinah his daughter : now his sons were with his cattle in the field : and Jacob held his peace until they were come .
21 : 14 So the LORD sent pestilence upon Israel : and there fell of Israel seventy thousand men .
106 : 16 They envied Moses also in the camp , and Aaron the saint of the LORD .
I saw a vast deal of that in the neighbourhood round Maple Grove .
15 : 31 And one told David , saying , Ahithophel is among the conspirators with Absalom .
7 : 5 And all the doors and posts were square , with the windows : and light was against light in three ranks .
There are moments when the extent of it seems doubtful ; and till his sentiments are fully known , you cannot wonder at my wishing to avoid any encouragement of my own partiality , by believing or calling it more than it is .
38 : 11 My lovers and my friends stand aloof from my sore ; and my kinsmen stand afar off .
2 : 59 And these were they which went up from Telmelah , Telharsa , Cherub , Addan , and Immer : but they could not shew their father ' s house , and their seed , whether they were of Israel : 2 : 60 The children of Delaiah , the children of Tobiah , the children of Nekoda , six hundred fifty and two .
101 : 3 I will set no wicked thing before mine eyes : I hate the work of them that turn aside ; it shall not cleave to me .
2 : 7 Unto you therefore which believe he is precious : but unto them which be disobedient , the stone which the builders disallowed , the same is made the head of the corner , 2 : 8 And a stone of stumbling , and a rock of offence , even to them which stumble at the word , being disobedient : whereunto also they were appointed .
So he made a covenant with him , and sent him away .
But Mr . Elton had only drunk wine enough to elevate his spirits , not at all to confuse his intellects .
2 : 14 But Peter , standing up with the eleven , lifted up his voice , and said unto them , Ye men of Judaea , and all ye that dwell at Jerusalem , be this known unto you , and hearken to my words : 2 : 15 For these are not drunken , as ye suppose , seeing it is but the third hour of the day .
27 : 11 And if his father have no brethren , then ye shall give his inheritance unto his kinsman that is next to him of his family , and he shall possess it : and it shall be unto the children of Israel a statute of judgment , as the LORD commanded Moses .
Not that Emma was gay and thoughtless from any real felicity ; it was rather because she felt less happy than she had expected .
3 : 4 Nicodemus saith unto him , How can a man be born when he is old ?
38 : 27 And it came to pass in the time of her travail , that , behold , twins were in her womb .
51 : 18 Do good in thy good pleasure unto Zion : build thou the walls of Jerusalem .
14 : 49 Now the sons of Saul were Jonathan , and Ishui , and Melchishua : and the names of his two daughters were these ; the name of the firstborn Merab , and the name of the younger Michal : 14 : 50 And the name of Saul ' s wife was Ahinoam , the daughter of Ahimaaz : and the name of the captain of his host was Abner , the son of Ner , Saul ' s uncle .
6 : 5 Then said I , Woe is me !
71 : 7 I am as a wonder unto many ; but thou art my strong refuge .
28 : 19 But when the Jews spake against it , I was constrained to appeal unto Caesar ; not that I had ought to accuse my nation of .
54 : 9 For this is as the waters of Noah unto me : for as I have sworn that the waters of Noah should no more go over the earth ; so have I sworn that I would not be wroth with thee , nor rebuke thee .
2 : 6 And the servant that was set over the reapers answered and said , It is the Moabitish damsel that came back with Naomi out of the country of Moab : 2 : 7 And she said , I pray you , let me glean and gather after the reapers among the sheaves : so she came , and hath continued even from the morning until now , that she tarried a little in the house .
I will not say quite all .
God forbid that I should undervalue the warm and faithful feelings of any of my fellow - creatures !
The LORD of hosts , he is the King of glory .
She would be such a delightful companion for Emma ."
21 : 43 Therefore say I unto you , The kingdom of God shall be taken from you , and given to a nation bringing forth the fruits thereof .
Mrs Clay , who had been present while all this passed , now thought it advisable to leave the room , and Anne could have said much , and did long to say a little in defence of her friend ' s not very dissimilar claims to theirs , but her sense of personal respect to her father prevented her .
2 : 16 And the rulers knew not whither I went , or what I did ; neither had I as yet told it to the Jews , nor to the priests , nor to the nobles , nor to the rulers , nor to the rest that did the work .
29 : 17 And on the second day ye shall offer twelve young bullocks , two rams , fourteen lambs of the first year without spot : 29 : 18 And their meat offering and their drink offerings for the bullocks , for the rams , and for the lambs , shall be according to their number , after the manner : 29 : 19 And one kid of the goats for a sin offering ; beside the continual burnt offering , and the meat offering thereof , and their drink offerings .
43 : 1 And the famine was sore in the land .
With an income quite sufficient to their wants thus secured to them , they had nothing to wait for after Edward was in possession of the living , but the readiness of the house , to which Colonel Brandon , with an eager desire for the accommodation of Elinor , was making considerable improvements ; and after waiting some time for their completion , after experiencing , as usual , a thousand disappointments and delays from the unaccountable dilatoriness of the workmen , Elinor , as usual , broke through the first positive resolution of not marrying till every thing was ready , and the ceremony took place in Barton church early in the autumn .
44 : 16 For the voice of him that reproacheth and blasphemeth ; by reason of the enemy and avenger .
May be his sister is worse at Avignon , and has sent for him over .
It was no time for hesitation .
24 : 23 And the sons of Hebron ; Jeriah the first , Amariah the second , Jahaziel the third , Jekameam the fourth .
12 : 7 Then king Jehoash called for Jehoiada the priest , and the other priests , and said unto them , Why repair ye not the breaches of the house ?
She vowed at first she would never trim me up a new bonnet , nor do any thing else for me again , so long as she lived ; but now she is quite come to , and we are as good friends as ever .
8 : 16 The Spirit itself beareth witness with our spirit , that we are the children of God : 8 : 17 And if children , then heirs ; heirs of God , and joint - heirs with Christ ; if so be that we suffer with him , that we may be also glorified together .
The difference between his present air and what it had been in the Octagon Room was strikingly great .
5 : 18 Woe unto you that desire the day of the LORD !
He had no reason to wish his hair longer , to conceal any confusion of face ; no reason to wish the money unspent , to improve his spirits .
36 : 39 And Baalhanan the son of Achbor died , and Hadar reigned in his stead : and the name of his city was Pau ; and his wife ' s name was Mehetabel , the daughter of Matred , the daughter of Mezahab .
Woman ' s usual occupations of hand and mind will be as open to me then as they are now ; or with no important variation .
Mrs Clay was very pleasant , and very smiling , but her courtesies and smiles were more a matter of course .
22 : 37 For I say unto you , that this that is written must yet be accomplished in me , And he was reckoned among the transgressors : for the things concerning me have an end .
17 : 15 And she went and did according to the saying of Elijah : and she , and he , and her house , did eat many days .
And one day when Anne was walking with only the Musgroves , one of them after talking of rank , people of rank , and jealousy of rank , said , " I have no scruple of observing to you , how nonsensical some persons are about their place , because all the world knows how easy and indifferent you are about it ; but I wish anybody could give Mary a hint that it would be a great deal better if she were not so very tenacious , especially if she would not be always putting herself forward to take place of mamma .
27 : 34 Wherefore I pray you to take some meat : for this is for your health : for there shall not an hair fall from the head of any of you .
And as to my father , I really should not have thought that he , who has kept himself single so long for our sakes , need be suspected now .
9 : 18 For the needy shall not alway be forgotten : the expectation of the poor shall not perish for ever .
He gave her to understand that Frank admired her extremely -- thought her very beautiful and very charming ; and with so much to be said for him altogether , she found she must not judge him harshly .
17 : 8 And they troubled the people and the rulers of the city , when they heard these things .
19 : 3 The Pharisees also came unto him , tempting him , and saying unto him , Is it lawful for a man to put away his wife for every cause ?
And he put his hand upon it : and Elisha put his hands upon the king ' s hands .
It would be incompatible with what she owed to her father , and with what she felt for him .
" Oh !
88 : 7 Thy wrath lieth hard upon me , and thou hast afflicted me with all thy waves .
These were their habitations , and their genealogy .
She supposed she must say more before she were entitled to his clemency ; but it was a hard case to be obliged still to lower herself in his opinion .
When you leave Barton to form your own establishment in a more lasting home , Queen Mab shall receive you ."
19 : 36 Seeing then that these things cannot be spoken against , ye ought to be quiet , and to do nothing rashly .
CHAPTER VI
2 : 24 Therefore Daniel went in unto Arioch , whom the king had ordained to destroy the wise men of Babylon : he went and said thus unto him ; Destroy not the wise men of Babylon : bring me in before the king , and I will shew unto the king the interpretation .
17 : 12 And Jehoshaphat waxed great exceedingly ; and he built in Judah castles , and cities of store .
9 : 19 Through the wrath of the LORD of hosts is the land darkened , and the people shall be as the fuel of the fire : no man shall spare his brother .
3 : 12 And the law is not of faith : but , The man that doeth them shall live in them .
I was last month at my friend Elliott ' s , near Dartford .
I do not like ruined , tattered cottages .
7 : 16 If any man have ears to hear , let him hear .
7 : 27 But Jesus said unto her , Let the children first be filled : for it is not meet to take the children ' s bread , and to cast it unto the dogs .
19 : 8 And to her was granted that she should be arrayed in fine linen , clean and white : for the fine linen is the righteousness of saints .
She loved every body , was interested in every body ' s happiness , quicksighted to every body ' s merits ; thought herself a most fortunate creature , and surrounded with blessings in such an excellent mother , and so many good neighbours and friends , and a home that wanted for nothing .
or what receiveth he of thine hand ?
34 : 24 He shall break in pieces mighty men without number , and set others in their stead .
1 : 17 And David lamented with this lamentation over Saul and over Jonathan his son : 1 : 18 ( Also he bade them teach the children of Judah the use of the bow : behold , it is written in the book of Jasher .)
29 : 40 And Moses told the children of Israel according to all that the LORD commanded Moses .
She was before me , constantly before me , as I travelled , in the same look and hue ."
" My dear Frederick , you are talking quite idly .
40 : 19 Then he measured the breadth from the forefront of the lower gate unto the forefront of the inner court without , an hundred cubits eastward and northward .
20 : 2 Then he turned his face to the wall , and prayed unto the LORD , saying , 20 : 3 I beseech thee , O LORD , remember now how I have walked before thee in truth and with a perfect heart , and have done that which is good in thy sight .
19 : 15 And Hezekiah prayed before the LORD , and said , O LORD God of Israel , which dwellest between the cherubims , thou art the God , even thou alone , of all the kingdoms of the earth ; thou hast made heaven and earth .
3 : 17 At that time they shall call Jerusalem the throne of the LORD ; and all the nations shall be gathered unto it , to the name of the LORD , to Jerusalem : neither shall they walk any more after the imagination of their evil heart .
She had no child to connect her with life and happiness again , no relations to assist in the arrangement of perplexed affairs , no health to make all the rest supportable .
22 : 4 I will call on the LORD , who is worthy to be praised : so shall I be saved from mine enemies .
Emma was directly sure that he knew how to make himself agreeable ; the conviction was strengthened by what followed .
23 : 21 And ye shall proclaim on the selfsame day , that it may be an holy convocation unto you : ye shall do no servile work therein : it shall be a statute for ever in all your dwellings throughout your generations .
12 : 31 Wherefore I say unto you , All manner of sin and blasphemy shall be forgiven unto men : but the blasphemy against the Holy Ghost shall not be forgiven unto men .
3 : 6 For I am the LORD , I change not ; therefore ye sons of Jacob are not consumed .
4 : 22 And they immediately left the ship and their father , and followed him .
31 : 12 And he said , Lift up now thine eyes , and see , all the rams which leap upon the cattle are ringstraked , speckled , and grisled : for I have seen all that Laban doeth unto thee .
44 : 5 Is not this it in which my lord drinketh , and whereby indeed he divineth ?
In a short time Elinor saw Willoughby quit the room by the door towards the staircase , and telling Marianne that he was gone , urged the impossibility of speaking to him again that evening , as a fresh argument for her to be calm .
I had left her only the evening before , so fully , so firmly resolved within my self on doing right !
24 : 12 In the city is left desolation , and the gate is smitten with destruction .
How they could be thrown together , and by what attraction Robert could be drawn on to marry a girl , of whose beauty she had herself heard him speak without any admiration ,-- a girl too already engaged to his brother , and on whose account that brother had been thrown off by his family -- it was beyond her comprehension to make out .
7 : 23 If a man on the sabbath day receive circumcision , that the law of Moses should not be broken ; are ye angry at me , because I have made a man every whit whole on the sabbath day ?
Anne avoided a direct reply , but it was just the circumstance which she considered as not merely unnecessary to be communicated , but as what ought to be suppressed .
27 : 15 And if he that sanctified it will redeem his house , then he shall add the fifth part of the money of thy estimation unto it , and it shall be his .
40 : 1 In the five and twentieth year of our captivity , in the beginning of the year , in the tenth day of the month , in the fourteenth year after that the city was smitten , in the selfsame day the hand of the LORD was upon me , and brought me thither .
And all the people came near unto him .
10 : 11 And he said unto me , O Daniel , a man greatly beloved , understand the words that I speak unto thee , and stand upright : for unto thee am I now sent .
buy us and our land for bread , and we and our land will be servants unto Pharaoh : and give us seed , that we may live , and not die , that the land be not desolate .
26 : 12 Then spake Jeremiah unto all the princes and to all the people , saying , The LORD sent me to prophesy against this house and against this city all the words that ye have heard .
25 : 32 And Esau said , Behold , I am at the point to die : and what profit shall this birthright do to me ?
5 : 20 They fought from heaven ; the stars in their courses fought against Sisera .
9 : 27 But Jesus took him by the hand , and lifted him up ; and he arose .
I come not against thee this day , but against the house wherewith I have war : for God commanded me to make haste : forbear thee from meddling with God , who is with me , that he destroy thee not .
1 : 15 Behold upon the mountains the feet of him that bringeth good tidings , that publisheth peace !
She had all the natural grace of sweetness of temper and artlessness in herself .
132 : 9 Let thy priests be clothed with righteousness ; and let thy saints shout for joy .
These parlors are both too small for such parties of our friends as I hope to see often collected here ; and I have some thoughts of throwing the passage into one of them with perhaps a part of the other , and so leave the remainder of that other for an entrance ; this , with a new drawing room which may be easily added , and a bed - chamber and garret above , will make it a very snug little cottage .
Much , much beyond impropriety !-- It has sunk him , I cannot say how it has sunk him in my opinion .
29 : 19 Moreover all the vessels , which king Ahaz in his reign did cast away in his transgression , have we prepared and sanctified , and , behold , they are before the altar of the LORD .
3 : 1 Then said the LORD unto me , Go yet , love a woman beloved of her friend , yet an adulteress , according to the love of the LORD toward the children of Israel , who look to other gods , and love flagons of wine .
By the report which he hastened over to Kellynch to make , Admiral Croft was a native of Somersetshire , who having acquired a very handsome fortune , was wishing to settle in his own country , and had come down to Taunton in order to look at some advertised places in that immediate neighbourhood , which , however , had not suited him ; that accidentally hearing --( it was just as he had foretold , Mr Shepherd observed , Sir Walter ' s concerns could not be kept a secret ,)-- accidentally hearing of the possibility of Kellynch Hall being to let , and understanding his ( Mr Shepherd ' s ) connection with the owner , he had introduced himself to him in order to make particular inquiries , and had , in the course of a pretty long conference , expressed as strong an inclination for the place as a man who knew it only by description could feel ; and given Mr Shepherd , in his explicit account of himself , every proof of his being a most responsible , eligible tenant .
12 : 25 And which of you with taking thought can add to his stature one cubit ?
She could not refuse to give him hers ' s ;-- he pressed it with affection .
6 : 1 And the sons of the prophets said unto Elisha , Behold now , the place where we dwell with thee is too strait for us .
5 : 18 The Philistines also came and spread themselves in the valley of Rephaim .
2 : 8 For thus saith the LORD of hosts ; After the glory hath he sent me unto the nations which spoiled you : for he that toucheth you toucheth the apple of his eye .
7 : 22 And the three hundred blew the trumpets , and the LORD set every man ' s sword against his fellow , even throughout all the host : and the host fled to Bethshittah in Zererath , and to the border of Abelmeholah , unto Tabbath .
78 : 27 He rained flesh also upon them as dust , and feathered fowls like as the sand of the sea :
Miss Carteret , with still less to say , was so plain and so awkward , that she would never have been tolerated in Camden Place but for her birth .
From Harriet ' s happening not to be at Hartfield , and her father ' s being present to engage Mr . Elton , she had a quarter of an hour of the lady ' s conversation to herself , and could composedly attend to her ; and the quarter of an hour quite convinced her that Mrs . Elton was a vain woman , extremely well satisfied with herself , and thinking much of her own importance ; that she meant to shine and be very superior , but with manners which had been formed in a bad school , pert and familiar ; that all her notions were drawn from one set of people , and one style of living ; that if not foolish she was ignorant , and that her society would certainly do Mr . Elton no good .
If Miss Woodhouse would not be displeased , she would rather stay at home ."
Mr . Dashwood attended them down stairs , was introduced to Mrs . Jennings at the door of her carriage , and repeating his hope of being able to call on them the next day , took leave .
These are the children of Japhlet .
To finish the interest of the story , the friendship between him and the Harvilles seemed , if possible , augmented by the event which closed all their views of alliance , and Captain Benwick was now living with them entirely .
She saw no reason against their being happy .
10 : 35 And on the morrow when he departed , he took out two pence , and gave them to the host , and said unto him , Take care of him ; and whatsoever thou spendest more , when I come again , I will repay thee .
15 : 16 And it shall be , if he say unto thee , I will not go away from thee ; because he loveth thee and thine house , because he is well with thee ; 15 : 17 Then thou shalt take an aul , and thrust it through his ear unto the door , and he shall be thy servant for ever .
It would be hard , indeed " ( with a faltering voice ), " if woman ' s feelings were to be added to all this ."
The neighbourhood was not large , but the Musgroves were visited by everybody , and had more dinner - parties , and more callers , more visitors by invitation and by chance , than any other family .
18 : 6 And Abraham hastened into the tent unto Sarah , and said , Make ready quickly three measures of fine meal , knead it , and make cakes upon the hearth .
10 : 13 And the sun stood still , and the moon stayed , until the people had avenged themselves upon their enemies .
He meant not to be unkind , however , and , as a mark of his affection for the three girls , he left them a thousand pounds a - piece .
26 : 18 And he said , Go into the city to such a man , and say unto him , The Master saith , My time is at hand ; I will keep the passover at thy house with my disciples .
Marianne gave one glance round the apartment as she entered : it was enough -- HE was not there -- and she sat down , equally ill - disposed to receive or communicate pleasure .
Now I am secure of you for ever ."
She could not even thank him .
He caught her ."
2 : 8 And Pharaoh ' s daughter said to her , Go .
34 : 36 My desire is that Job may be tried unto the end because of his answers for wicked men .
It does not bear talking of ."
The communicative lady I learnt , on inquiry , for I stayed in the shop till they were gone , was a Mrs . Ellison , and that , as I have been since informed , is the name of Miss Grey ' s guardian ."
66 : 5 Come and see the works of God : he is terrible in his doing toward the children of men .
2 : 70 So the priests , and the Levites , and some of the people , and the singers , and the porters , and the Nethinims , dwelt in their cities , and all Israel in their cities .
12 : 18 I desired Titus , and with him I sent a brother .
In this style she ran on ; never thoroughly stopped by any thing till Mr . Woodhouse came into the room ; her vanity had then a change of object , and Emma heard her saying in the same half - whisper to Jane ,
What has it been but a system of hypocrisy and deceit ,-- espionage , and treachery ?-- To come among us with professions of openness and simplicity ; and such a league in secret to judge us all !-- Here have we been , the whole winter and spring , completely duped , fancying ourselves all on an equal footing of truth and honour , with two people in the midst of us who may have been carrying round , comparing and sitting in judgment on sentiments and words that were never meant for both to hear .-- They must take the consequence , if they have heard each other spoken of in a way not perfectly agreeable !"
The terror which the woman and boy had been creating in Harriet was then their own portion .
21 : 13 Jesus then cometh , and taketh bread , and giveth them , and fish likewise .
CHAPTER 6
13 : 16 Samaria shall become desolate ; for she hath rebelled against her God : they shall fall by the sword : their infants shall be dashed in pieces , and their women with child shall be ripped up .
for thou , Lord GOD , knowest thy servant .
3 : 3 Therefore the showers have been withholden , and there hath been no latter rain ; and thou hadst a whore ' s forehead , thou refusedst to be ashamed .
and the things that are coming , and shall come , let them shew unto them .
When the dessert and the wine were arranged , and Mrs . Dashwood and Elinor were left by themselves , they remained long together in a similarity of thoughtfulness and silence .
30 : 10 And if she vowed in her husband ' s house , or bound her soul by a bond with an oath ; 30 : 11 And her husband heard it , and held his peace at her , and disallowed her not : then all her vows shall stand , and every bond wherewith she bound her soul shall stand .
26 : 16 This day the LORD thy God hath commanded thee to do these statutes and judgments : thou shalt therefore keep and do them with all thine heart , and with all thy soul .
113 : 1 Praise ye the LORD .
" His character , however ," answered Elinor , " does not rest on ONE act of kindness , to which his affection for Marianne , were humanity out of the case , would have prompted him .
These are the dukes of Edom .
Harriet blushed and smiled , and said something about wondering that people should like her so much .
So the captain of the guard gave him victuals and a reward , and let him go .
49 : 7 Concerning Edom , thus saith the LORD of hosts ; Is wisdom no more in Teman ?
7 : 12 And when thy days be fulfilled , and thou shalt sleep with thy fathers , I will set up thy seed after thee , which shall proceed out of thy bowels , and I will establish his kingdom .
His mother ' s name also was Abi , the daughter of Zachariah .
The Crofts were to have possession at Michaelmas ; and as Sir Walter proposed removing to Bath in the course of the preceding month , there was no time to be lost in making every dependent arrangement .
18 : 10 And he rode upon a cherub , and did fly : yea , he did fly upon the wings of the wind .
15 : 47 And Mary Magdalene and Mary the mother of Joses beheld where he was laid .
And though the consequent shock and alarm was very great and much more durable -- indeed I believe it was half an hour before any of us were comfortable again -- yet that was too general a sensation for any thing of peculiar anxiety to be observable .
5 : 14 But strong meat belongeth to them that are of full age , even those who by reason of use have their senses exercised to discern both good and evil .
13 : 29 Remember them , O my God , because they have defiled the priesthood , and the covenant of the priesthood , and of the Levites .
1 : 11 Being filled with the fruits of righteousness , which are by Jesus Christ , unto the glory and praise of God .
1 : 10 And it shall come to pass in that day , saith the LORD , that there shall be the noise of a cry from the fish gate , and an howling from the second , and a great crashing from the hills .
By doing it , I shall feel that I am near you .
" Four years you have been engaged ," said she with a firm voice .
" I will have you BOTH go ," said Mrs . Dashwood ; " these objections are nonsensical .
and how do ye see it now ?
4 : 16 And he said , About this season , according to the time of life , thou shalt embrace a son .
3 : 9 For we are labourers together with God : ye are God ' s husbandry , ye are God ' s building .
4 : 18 The salutation by the hand of me Paul .
9 : 24 And Jehu drew a bow with his full strength , and smote Jehoram between his arms , and the arrow went out at his heart , and he sunk down in his chariot .
I can understand you --( nodding at Mr . John Knightley )-- your good fortune in meeting with so many of your friends at once here , delights you too much to pass unnoticed .
12 : 49 For I have not spoken of myself ; but the Father which sent me , he gave me a commandment , what I should say , and what I should speak .
Why does he make it any business of his , to wonder at what I do ?-- at my taking my family to one part of the coast or another ?-- I may be allowed , I hope , the use of my judgment as well as Mr .
44 : 17 But we will certainly do whatsoever thing goeth forth out of our own mouth , to burn incense unto the queen of heaven , and to pour out drink offerings unto her , as we have done , we , and our fathers , our kings , and our princes , in the cities of Judah , and in the streets of Jerusalem : for then had we plenty of victuals , and were well , and saw no evil .
And they shall set forth in the second rank .
5 : 2 Belshazzar , whiles he tasted the wine , commanded to bring the golden and silver vessels which his father Nebuchadnezzar had taken out of the temple which was in Jerusalem ; that the king , and his princes , his wives , and his concubines , might drink therein .
48 : 3 A voice of crying shall be from Horonaim , spoiling and great destruction .
What should a young fellow like you do ashore for half a year together ?
She had a great wish to see him .
And David said , There is none like that ; give it me .
How I catch myself out !
28 : 7 But they also have erred through wine , and through strong drink are out of the way ; the priest and the prophet have erred through strong drink , they are swallowed up of wine , they are out of the way through strong drink ; they err in vision , they stumble in judgment .
35 : 8 But Deborah Rebekah ' s nurse died , and she was buried beneath Bethel under an oak : and the name of it was called Allonbachuth .
21 : 44 And whosoever shall fall on this stone shall be broken : but on whomsoever it shall fall , it will grind him to powder .
And they call the blind man , saying unto him , Be of good comfort , rise ; he calleth thee .
She rushed to the drawing - room ,-- she entered it ,-- and saw only Willoughby .
no ; cautious as a minister of state .
24 : 18 So I spake unto the people in the morning : and at even my wife died ; and I did in the morning as I was commanded .
" I admired your resolution very much , sir ," said he , " in venturing out in such weather , for of course you saw there would be snow very soon .
" How very pleasing and proper of him !"
49 : 33 And when Jacob had made an end of commanding his sons , he gathered up his feet into the bed , and yielded up the ghost , and was gathered unto his people .
No one , at least , can think I have not done enough for them : even themselves , they can hardly expect more ."
She knew not that she had been the means of sending the owners of Cleveland away , in about seven days from the time of their arrival .
89 : 42 Thou hast set up the right hand of his adversaries ; thou hast made all his enemies to rejoice .
5 : 22 And thou his son , O Belshazzar , hast not humbled thine heart , though thou knewest all this ; 5 : 23 But hast lifted up thyself against the Lord of heaven ; and they have brought the vessels of his house before thee , and thou , and thy lords , thy wives , and thy concubines , have drunk wine in them ; and thou hast praised the gods of silver , and gold , of brass , iron , wood , and stone , which see not , nor hear , nor know : and the God in whose hand thy breath is , and whose are all thy ways , hast thou not glorified : 5 : 24 Then was the part of the hand sent from him ; and this writing was written .
5 : 13 And of the rest durst no man join himself to them : but the people magnified them .
12 : 5 But I will forewarn you whom ye shall fear : Fear him , which after he hath killed hath power to cast into hell ; yea , I say unto you , Fear him .
Within half an hour it was known all over Highbury .
19 : 1 Better is the poor that walketh in his integrity , than he that is perverse in his lips , and is a fool .
And burned him in a holy place Where many had been burned before ; The weeping parents wept in vain .
I cannot imagine that she will not be continually insulting her visitor with praise , encouragement , and offers of service ; that she will not be continually detailing her magnificent intentions , from the procuring her a permanent situation to the including her in those delightful exploring parties which are to take place in the barouche - landau ."
4 : 9 Take thou also unto thee wheat , and barley , and beans , and lentiles , and millet , and fitches , and put them in one vessel , and make thee bread thereof , according to the number of the days that thou shalt lie upon thy side , three hundred and ninety days shalt thou eat thereof .
And ever since she was twelve , Emma has been mistress of the house and of you all .
2 : 5 And I said unto the king , If it please the king , and if thy servant have found favour in thy sight , that thou wouldest send me unto Judah , unto the city of my fathers ' sepulchres , that I may build it .
Of course , he cannot be aware of the importance to me .
He seems every thing the fondest parent could .
23 : 3 He restoreth my soul : he leadeth me in the paths of righteousness for his name ' s sake .
Emma grieved that she could not be more openly just to one important service which his better sense would have rendered her , to the advice which would have saved her from the worst of all her womanly follies -- her wilful intimacy with Harriet Smith ; but it was too tender a subject .-- She could not enter on it .-- Harriet was very seldom mentioned between them .
10 : 11 Thou hast clothed me with skin and flesh , and hast fenced me with bones and sinews .
23 : 18 So he took him , and brought him to the chief captain , and said , Paul the prisoner called me unto him , and prayed me to bring this young man unto thee , who hath something to say unto thee .
7 : 30 His own hands shall bring the offerings of the LORD made by fire , the fat with the breast , it shall he bring , that the breast may be waved for a wave offering before the LORD .
" Oh !
The Second General Epistle of Peter
145 : 12 To make known to the sons of men his mighty acts , and the glorious majesty of his kingdom .
Where could you expect a more gentlemanlike , agreeable man ?
32 : 39 See now that I , even I , am he , and there is no god with me : I kill , and I make alive ; I wound , and I heal : neither is there any that can deliver out of my hand .
1 : 14 And the living creatures ran and returned as the appearance of a flash of lightning .
6 : 49 But Aaron and his sons offered upon the altar of the burnt offering , and on the altar of incense , and were appointed for all the work of the place most holy , and to make an atonement for Israel , according to all that Moses the servant of God had commanded .
5 : 3 So all the elders of Israel came to the king to Hebron ; and king David made a league with them in Hebron before the LORD : and they anointed David king over Israel .
Yes , I understand the sort of mind .
Every body is so surprized ; and every body says the same obliging things .
When God bringeth back the captivity of his people , Jacob shall rejoice , and Israel shall be glad .
20 : 40 And after that they durst not ask him any question at all .
94 : 18 When I said , My foot slippeth ; thy mercy , O LORD , held me up .
Mrs . Weston was convinced that such conversation must be the greatest relief to her companion , pent up within her own mind as every thing had so long been , and was very much pleased with all that she had said on the subject .
54 : 8 In a little wrath I hid my face from thee for a moment ; but with everlasting kindness will I have mercy on thee , saith the LORD thy Redeemer .
I can safely say that he has never gave me one moment ' s alarm on that account from the first ."
49 : 7 Thus saith the LORD , the Redeemer of Israel , and his Holy One , to him whom man despiseth , to him whom the nation abhorreth , to a servant of rulers , Kings shall see and arise , princes also shall worship , because of the LORD that is faithful , and the Holy One of Israel , and he shall choose thee .
25 : 4 But he slew not their children , but did as it is written in the law in the book of Moses , where the LORD commanded , saying , The fathers shall not die for the children , neither shall the children die for the fathers , but every man shall die for his own sin .
She had a cultivated mind , and was , generally speaking , rational and consistent ; but she had prejudices on the side of ancestry ; she had a value for rank and consequence , which blinded her a little to the faults of those who possessed them .
She suspected that it _had_ ; that it would not have been so resolutely encountered but in full expectation of hearing from some one very dear , and that it had not been in vain .
Thou shalt not seethe a kid in his mother ' s milk .
But they have a great many to provide for ; and among the thousands that may just as well go to the bottom as not , it is impossible for them to distinguish the very set who may be least missed ."
And there was not left a man of them , save Caleb the son of Jephunneh , and Joshua the son of Nun .
Emma was gratified , to observe such a proof in her of strengthened character , and refrained from any allusion that might endanger its maintenance .
As soon as I could use my hands she taught me to knit , which has been a great amusement ; and she put me in the way of making these little thread - cases , pin - cushions and card - racks , which you always find me so busy about , and which supply me with the means of doing a little good to one or two very poor families in this neighbourhood .
16 : 24 The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all .
Jennings , with a very intelligent " Ah !
116 : 18 I will pay my vows unto the LORD now in the presence of all his people .
5 : 35 But the days will come , when the bridegroom shall be taken away from them , and then shall they fast in those days .
The past , the present , the future , Willoughby ' s visit , Marianne ' s safety , and her mother ' s expected arrival , threw her altogether into an agitation of spirits which kept off every indication of fatigue , and made her only fearful of betraying herself to her sister .
God is not the God of the dead , but of the living .
Her father composed himself to sleep after dinner , as usual , and she had then only to sit and think of what she had lost .
27 : 2 And it shall be on the day when ye shall pass over Jordan unto the land which the LORD thy God giveth thee , that thou shalt set thee up great stones , and plaister them with plaister : 27 : 3 And thou shalt write upon them all the words of this law , when thou art passed over , that thou mayest go in unto the land which the LORD thy God giveth thee , a land that floweth with milk and honey ; as the LORD God of thy fathers hath promised thee .
108 : 2 Awake , psaltery and harp : I myself will awake early .
1 : 17 Then Eli answered and said , Go in peace : and the God of Israel grant thee thy petition that thou hast asked of him .
Mr . Perry might have reason to regret the alteration , but nobody else could ."
24 : 28 Be not a witness against thy neighbour without cause ; and deceive not with thy lips .
2 : 1 Now these are the children of the province that went up out of the captivity , of those which had been carried away , whom Nebuchadnezzar the king of Babylon had carried away unto Babylon , and came again unto Jerusalem and Judah , every one unto his city ; 2 : 2 Which came with Zerubbabel : Jeshua , Nehemiah , Seraiah , Reelaiah , Mordecai , Bilshan , Mizpar , Bigvai , Rehum , Baanah .
8 : 1 In the third year of the reign of king Belshazzar a vision appeared unto me , even unto me Daniel , after that which appeared unto me at the first .
And they hated him yet the more for his dreams , and for his words .
7 : 13 I make a decree , that all they of the people of Israel , and of his priests and Levites , in my realm , which are minded of their own freewill to go up to Jerusalem , go with thee .
32 : 23 But if ye will not do so , behold , ye have sinned against the LORD : and be sure your sin will find you out .
His manners , however , must have been unmarked , wavering , dubious , or she could not have been so misled .
She was lost , and when she had scolded back her senses , she found the others still waiting for the carriage , and Mr Elliot ( always obliging ) just setting off for Union Street on a commission of Mrs Clay ' s .
79 : 5 How long , LORD ?
It must be done directly ; it must be done in London ; the order must go through the hands of some intelligent person whose taste could be depended on ; and Isabella , the usual doer of all commissions , must not be applied to , because it was December , and Mr . Woodhouse could not bear the idea of her stirring out of her house in the fogs of December .
19 : 21 Then said the chief priests of the Jews to Pilate , Write not , The King of the Jews ; but that he said , I am King of the Jews .
14 : 1 For the LORD will have mercy on Jacob , and will yet choose Israel , and set them in their own land : and the strangers shall be joined with them , and they shall cleave to the house of Jacob .
31 : 19 And Laban went to shear his sheep : and Rachel had stolen the images that were her father ' s .
And Joab took Amasa by the beard with the right hand to kiss him .
7 : 7 Surely oppression maketh a wise man mad ; and a gift destroyeth the heart .
6 : 10 And then he built chambers against all the house , five cubits high : and they rested on the house with timber of cedar .
30 : 9 Ye shall offer no strange incense thereon , nor burnt sacrifice , nor meat offering ; neither shall ye pour drink offering thereon .
13 : 10 And it came to pass , that as soon as he had made an end of offering the burnt offering , behold , Samuel came ; and Saul went out to meet him , that he might salute him .
Everything now marked out Louisa for Captain Wentworth ; nothing could be plainer ; and where many divisions were necessary , or even where they were not , they walked side by side nearly as much as the other two .
12 : 17 Recompense to no man evil for evil .
1 : 20 And Joktan begat Almodad , and Sheleph , and Hazarmaveth , and Jerah , 1 : 21 Hadoram also , and Uzal , and Diklah , 1 : 22 And Ebal , and Abimael , and Sheba , 1 : 23 And Ophir , and Havilah , and Jobab .
" The Churchills are very likely in fault ," said Mr . Knightley , coolly ; " but I dare say he might come if he would ."
2 : 10 In the four and twentieth day of the ninth month , in the second year of Darius , came the word of the LORD by Haggai the prophet , saying , 2 : 11 Thus saith the LORD of hosts ; Ask now the priests concerning the law , saying , 2 : 12 If one bear holy flesh in the skirt of his garment , and with his skirt do touch bread , or pottage , or wine , or oil , or any meat , shall it be holy ?
1 : 31 Neither did Asher drive out the inhabitants of Accho , nor the inhabitants of Zidon , nor of Ahlab , nor of Achzib , nor of Helbah , nor of Aphik , nor of Rehob : 1 : 32 But the Asherites dwelt among the Canaanites , the inhabitants of the land : for they did not drive them out .
3 : 17 But with whom was he grieved forty years ?
24 : 15 But Jehoiada waxed old , and was full of days when he died ; an hundred and thirty years old was he when he died .
And with regard to Anne ' s dislike of Bath , she considered it as a prejudice and mistake arising , first , from the circumstance of her having been three years at school there , after her mother ' s death ; and secondly , from her happening to be not in perfectly good spirits the only winter which she had afterwards spent there with herself .
7 : 18 Come , let us take our fill of love until the morning : let us solace ourselves with loves .
" His regard for her , infinitely surpassing anything that Willoughby ever felt or feigned , as much more warm , as more sincere or constant -- which ever we are to call it -- has subsisted through all the knowledge of dear Marianne ' s unhappy prepossession for that worthless young man !-- and without selfishness -- without encouraging a hope !-- could he have seen her happy with another -- Such a noble mind !-- such openness , such sincerity !-- no one can be deceived in HIM ."
17 : 3 And , behold , there appeared unto them Moses and Elias talking with him .
4 : 3 And these were of the father of Etam ; Jezreel , and Ishma , and Idbash : and the name of their sister was Hazelelponi : 4 : 4 And Penuel the father of Gedor , and Ezer the father of Hushah .
14 : 4 For John said unto him , It is not lawful for thee to have her .
I hope you have pleasant accounts from Windsor ?"
She could only give him a look ; but it was such a look as she thought must restore him to his senses , and then left the sofa , removing to a seat by her sister , and giving her all her attention .
12 : 29 And seek not ye what ye shall eat , or what ye shall drink , neither be ye of doubtful mind .
And the children of Ammon gave him the same year an hundred talents of silver , and ten thousand measures of wheat , and ten thousand of barley .
" Oh !
36 : 9 And it came to pass in the fifth year of Jehoiakim the son of Josiah king of Judah , in the ninth month , that they proclaimed a fast before the LORD to all the people in Jerusalem , and to all the people that came from the cities of Judah unto Jerusalem .
66 : 16 Come and hear , all ye that fear God , and I will declare what he hath done for my soul .
She could tell nothing of Hartfield , in which Mrs . Weston had not a lively concern ; and half an hour ' s uninterrupted communication of all those little matters on which the daily happiness of private life depends , was one of the first gratifications of each .
10 : 18 Now where remission of these is , there is no more offering for sin .
11 : 26 And when the wife of Uriah heard that Uriah her husband was dead , she mourned for her husband .
Edward was now fixed at the cottage at least for a week ;-- for whatever other claims might be made on him , it was impossible that less than a week should be given up to the enjoyment of Elinor ' s company , or suffice to say half that was to be said of the past , the present , and the future ;-- for though a very few hours spent in the hard labor of incessant talking will despatch more subjects than can really be in common between any two rational creatures , yet with lovers it is different .
4 : 6 Is not this thy fear , thy confidence , thy hope , and the uprightness of thy ways ?
Ladies and gentlemen , I am ordered by Miss Woodhouse ( who , wherever she is , presides ) to say , that she desires to know what you are all thinking of ?"
38 : 11 And for the north side the hangings were an hundred cubits , their pillars were twenty , and their sockets of brass twenty ; the hooks of the pillars and their fillets of silver .
11 : 40 And he that eateth of the carcase of it shall wash his clothes , and be unclean until the even : he also that beareth the carcase of it shall wash his clothes , and be unclean until the even .
27 : 36 And sitting down they watched him there ; 27 : 37 And set up over his head his accusation written , THIS IS JESUS THE KING OF THE JEWS .
13 : 2 And it shall come to pass in that day , saith the LORD of hosts , that I will cut off the names of the idols out of the land , and they shall no more be remembered : and also I will cause the prophets and the unclean spirit to pass out of the land .
And if he were to be lost to them for Harriet ' s sake ; if he were to be thought of hereafter , as finding in Harriet ' s society all that he wanted ; if Harriet were to be the chosen , the first , the dearest , the friend , the wife to whom he looked for all the best blessings of existence ; what could be increasing Emma ' s wretchedness but the reflection never far distant from her mind , that it had been all her own work ?
It was the choicest gift of Heaven ; and Anne viewed her friend as one of those instances in which , by a merciful appointment , it seems designed to counterbalance almost every other want .
9 : 13 They brought to the Pharisees him that aforetime was blind .
They were all in high spirits and good humour , eager to be happy , and determined to submit to the greatest inconveniences and hardships rather than be otherwise .
6 : 26 These are that Aaron and Moses , to whom the LORD said , Bring out the children of Israel from the land of Egypt according to their armies .
Anne found Captain Benwick again drawing near her .
11 : 17 And Mattaniah the son of Micha , the son of Zabdi , the son of Asaph , was the principal to begin the thanksgiving in prayer : and Bakbukiah the second among his brethren , and Abda the son of Shammua , the son of Galal , the son of Jeduthun .
I praised the fair lady too , and altogether sent him away very happy .
97 : 11 Light is sown for the righteous , and gladness for the upright in heart .
15 : 15 And all Judah rejoiced at the oath : for they had sworn with all their heart , and sought him with their whole desire ; and he was found of them : and the LORD gave them rest round about .
6 : 34 And if ye lend to them of whom ye hope to receive , what thank have ye ?
And Jehoiada and his sons anointed him , and said , God save the king .
In one respect he is the object of my envy ."
8 : 12 And he sighed deeply in his spirit , and saith , Why doth this generation seek after a sign ?
And next to them builded Zaccur the son of Imri .
She had been forced into prudence in her youth , she learned romance as she grew older : the natural sequel of an unnatural beginning .
16 : 12 After that he appeared in another form unto two of them , as they walked , and went into the country .
6 : 5 Then said these men , We shall not find any occasion against this Daniel , except we find it against him concerning the law of his God .
15 : 36 Now the rest of the acts of Jotham , and all that he did , are they not written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Judah ?
" Poor dear fellow !"
19 : 12 The king ' s wrath is as the roaring of a lion ; but his favour is as dew upon the grass .
Thus might we procure great evil against our souls .
9 : 2 And Hamath also shall border thereby ; Tyrus , and Zidon , though it be very wise .
Wherever they went , she was evidently always on the watch .
2 : 16 Also the children of Noph and Tahapanes have broken the crown of thy head .
21 : 14 And Benjamin came again at that time ; and they gave them wives which they had saved alive of the women of Jabeshgilead : and yet so they sufficed them not .
27 : 16 Furthermore over the tribes of Israel : the ruler of the Reubenites was Eliezer the son of Zichri : of the Simeonites , Shephatiah the son of Maachah : 27 : 17 Of the Levites , Hashabiah the son of Kemuel : of the Aaronites , Zadok : 27 : 18 Of Judah , Elihu , one of the brethren of David : of Issachar , Omri the son of Michael : 27 : 19 Of Zebulun , Ishmaiah the son of Obadiah : of Naphtali , Jerimoth the son of Azriel : 27 : 20 Of the children of Ephraim , Hoshea the son of Azaziah : of the half tribe of Manasseh , Joel the son of Pedaiah : 27 : 21 Of the half tribe of Manasseh in Gilead , Iddo the son of Zechariah : of Benjamin , Jaasiel the son of Abner : 27 : 22 Of Dan , Azareel the son of Jeroham .
He might be only passing through .
I was willing to hope that you must fare better ."
12 : 19 Again , think ye that we excuse ourselves unto you ?
" Might he not ?-- Is not it possible , that when enquiring , as you thought , into the state of your affections , he might be alluding to Mr . Martin -- he might have Mr . Martin ' s interest in view ?
112 : 4 Unto the upright there ariseth light in the darkness : he is gracious , and full of compassion , and righteous .
So he departed from him a little way .
He did , on the condition of some promises on her side : such as that , if she came home cold , she would be sure to warm herself thoroughly ; if hungry , that she would take something to eat ; that her own maid should sit up for her ; and that Serle and the butler should see that every thing were safe in the house , as usual .
47 : 6 And he said unto me , Son of man , hast thou seen this ?
Such confidence , powerful in its own warmth , and bewitching in the wit which often expressed it , must have been enough for Anne ; but Lady Russell saw it very differently .
4 : 31 For he was wiser than all men ; than Ethan the Ezrahite , and Heman , and Chalcol , and Darda , the sons of Mahol : and his fame was in all nations round about .
31 : 21 And it shall come to pass , when many evils and troubles are befallen them , that this song shall testify against them as a witness ; for it shall not be forgotten out of the mouths of their seed : for I know their imagination which they go about , even now , before I have brought them into the land which I sware .
41 : 9 Yea , mine own familiar friend , in whom I trusted , which did eat of my bread , hath lifted up his heel against me .
3 : 13 And the LORD God said unto the woman , What is this that thou hast done ?
31 : 29 In those days they shall say no more , The fathers have eaten a sour grape , and the children ' s teeth are set on edge .
28 : 5 And he shook off the beast into the fire , and felt no harm .
7 : 44 Our fathers had the tabernacle of witness in the wilderness , as he had appointed , speaking unto Moses , that he should make it according to the fashion that he had seen .
21 : 18 Then the angel of the LORD commanded Gad to say to David , that David should go up , and set up an altar unto the LORD in the threshingfloor of Ornan the Jebusite .
Elinor thought she could distinguish a large W in the direction ; and no sooner was it complete than Marianne , ringing the bell , requested the footman who answered it to get that letter conveyed for her to the two - penny post .
Marianne , now looking dreadfully white , and unable to stand , sunk into her chair , and Elinor , expecting every moment to see her faint , tried to screen her from the observation of others , while reviving her with lavender water .
15 : 46 Howbeit that was not first which is spiritual , but that which is natural ; and afterward that which is spiritual .
19 : 22 And he saith unto him , Out of thine own mouth will I judge thee , thou wicked servant .
That she is old and sickly .
6 : 20 And it came to pass , when they were come into Samaria , that Elisha said , LORD , open the eyes of these men , that they may see .
22 : 2 Thou that art full of stirs , a tumultuous city , joyous city : thy slain men are not slain with the sword , nor dead in battle .
14 : 2 And he came up , and told his father and his mother , and said , I have seen a woman in Timnath of the daughters of the Philistines : now therefore get her for me to wife .
I love you like the little bird That picks up crumbs around the door ."
He had been most warmly attached to her , and had never seen a woman since whom he thought her equal ; but , except from some natural sensation of curiosity , he had no desire of meeting her again .
Had she intended ever to _marry_ him , it might have been worth while to pause and consider , and try to understand the value of his preference , and the character of his temper ; but for all the purposes of their acquaintance , he was quite amiable enough .
29 : 17 Now they began on the first day of the first month to sanctify , and on the eighth day of the month came they to the porch of the LORD : so they sanctified the house of the LORD in eight days ; and in the sixteenth day of the first month they made an end .
15 : 37 And Barnabas determined to take with them John , whose surname was Mark .
Will you not sit down ?
24 : 20 If ye forsake the LORD , and serve strange gods , then he will turn and do you hurt , and consume you , after that he hath done you good .
We are very proud of the children , are not we , papa ?
I am tired of doing nothing .
2 : 1 In the seventh month , in the one and twentieth day of the month , came the word of the LORD by the prophet Haggai , saying , 2 : 2 Speak now to Zerubbabel the son of Shealtiel , governor of Judah , and to Joshua the son of Josedech , the high priest , and to the residue of the people , saying , 2 : 3 Who is left among you that saw this house in her first glory ?
Her spirits wanted the solitude and silence which only numbers could give .
This is precisely what I wanted .
" I never heard any thing of the kind hinted at before , I assure you ," said Elinor .
1 : 15 For perhaps he therefore departed for a season , that thou shouldest receive him for ever ; 1 : 16 Not now as a servant , but above a servant , a brother beloved , specially to me , but how much more unto thee , both in the flesh , and in the Lord ?
5 : 18 Nevertheless in those days , saith the LORD , I will not make a full end with you .
1 : 5 And these are the names of the men that shall stand with you : of the tribe of Reuben ; Elizur the son of Shedeur .
4 : 4 And Jesus answered him , saying , It is written , That man shall not live by bread alone , but by every word of God .
2 : 14 But the natural man receiveth not the things of the Spirit of God : for they are foolishness unto him : neither can he know them , because they are spiritually discerned .
How well she looked last night !"
10 : 20 Notwithstanding in this rejoice not , that the spirits are subject unto you ; but rather rejoice , because your names are written in heaven .
Jane often says , when she is here , ` I am sure , grandmama , you must have had very strong eyes to see as you do -- and so much fine work as you have done too !-- I only wish my eyes may last me as well .'"
--
" Your uncle !"
" There is no quarrelling with you .
109 : 11 Let the extortioner catch all that he hath ; and let the strangers spoil his labour .
Look at her .
I give you notice that as I find your son , so I shall judge of him .-- I am no flatterer ."
5 : 4 We have drunken our water for money ; our wood is sold unto us .
24 : 21 My son , fear thou the LORD and the king : and meddle not with them that are given to change : 24 : 22 For their calamity shall rise suddenly ; and who knoweth the ruin of them both ?
47 : 20 The west side also shall be the great sea from the border , till a man come over against Hamath .
We feel things differently .
12 : 16 But I will leave a few men of them from the sword , from the famine , and from the pestilence ; that they may declare all their abominations among the heathen whither they come ; and they shall know that I am the LORD .
Everybody has their taste in noises as well as in other matters ; and sounds are quite innoxious , or most distressing , by their sort rather than their quantity .
31 : 38 And the beeves were thirty and six thousand ; of which the LORD ' s tribute was threescore and twelve .
6 : 18 All the males among the children of Aaron shall eat of it .
10 : 2 For I bear them record that they have a zeal of God , but not according to knowledge .
3 : 1 And Joshua rose early in the morning ; and they removed from Shittim , and came to Jordan , he and all the children of Israel , and lodged there before they passed over .
We lived for enjoyment .
6 : 69 And we believe and are sure that thou art that Christ , the Son of the living God .
3 : 4 Thou hast a few names even in Sardis which have not defiled their garments ; and they shall walk with me in white : for they are worthy .
14 : 31 But he spake the more vehemently , If I should die with thee , I will not deny thee in any wise .
11 : 12 And Arphaxad lived five and thirty years , and begat Salah : 11 : 13 And Arphaxad lived after he begat Salah four hundred and three years , and begat sons and daughters .
NIGHT
5 : 9 Grudge not one against another , brethren , lest ye be condemned : behold , the judge standeth before the door .
" We allowed unnecessary room .
5 : 14 And this is the confidence that we have in him , that , if we ask any thing according to his will , he heareth us : 5 : 15 And if we know that he hear us , whatsoever we ask , we know that we have the petitions that we desired of him .
28 : 2 And thou shalt make holy garments for Aaron thy brother for glory and for beauty .
26 : 34 Then shall the land enjoy her sabbaths , as long as it lieth desolate , and ye be in your enemies ' land ; even then shall the land rest , and enjoy her sabbaths .
" Yes , yes , THAT in particular .
Another hour or two ' s snow can hardly make the road impassable ; and we are two carriages ; if one is blown over in the bleak part of the common field there will be the other at hand .
and they have slain them which shewed before of the coming of the Just One ; of whom ye have been now the betrayers and murderers : 7 : 53 Who have received the law by the disposition of angels , and have not kept it .
Isabella does not seem more my sister ; has never excited a greater interest ; perhaps hardly so great .
5 : 41 And they departed from the presence of the council , rejoicing that they were counted worthy to suffer shame for his name .
And again , I will be to him a Father , and he shall be to me a Son ?
1 : 19 For it pleased the Father that in him should all fulness dwell ; 1 : 20 And , having made peace through the blood of his cross , by him to reconcile all things unto himself ; by him , I say , whether they be things in earth , or things in heaven .
Ah !
I cannot remember the time when I did not love Eliza ; and my affection for her , as we grew up , was such , as perhaps , judging from my present forlorn and cheerless gravity , you might think me incapable of having ever felt .
34 : 11 Come , ye children , hearken unto me : I will teach you the fear of the LORD .
3 : 15 The sun and the moon shall be darkened , and the stars shall withdraw their shining .
3 : 7 And Saul had a concubine , whose name was Rizpah , the daughter of Aiah : and Ishbosheth said to Abner , Wherefore hast thou gone in unto my father ' s concubine ?
2 : 35 Then was the iron , the clay , the brass , the silver , and the gold , broken to pieces together , and became like the chaff of the summer threshingfloors ; and the wind carried them away , that no place was found for them : and the stone that smote the image became a great mountain , and filled the whole earth .
15 : 18 I will arise and go to my father , and will say unto him , Father , I have sinned against heaven , and before thee , 15 : 19 And am no more worthy to be called thy son : make me as one of thy hired servants .
Woe unto thee , O Jerusalem !
19 : 18 Yet I have left me seven thousand in Israel , all the knees which have not bowed unto Baal , and every mouth which hath not kissed him .
get thee to the prophets of thy father , and to the prophets of thy mother .
And before she was beyond the first stage of full sensation , Charles , Mary , and Henrietta all came in .
But indeed , while Elinor remained so well assured within herself of being really beloved by Edward , it required no other consideration of probabilities to make it natural that Lucy should be jealous ; and that she was so , her very confidence was a proof .
9 : 13 And after all that is come upon us for our evil deeds , and for our great trespass , seeing that thou our God hast punished us less than our iniquities deserve , and hast given us such deliverance as this ; 9 : 14 Should we again break thy commandments , and join in affinity with the people of these abominations ?
3 : 2 I have fed you with milk , and not with meat : for hitherto ye were not able to bear it , neither yet now are ye able .
It would not be likely to produce that dejection of mind which frequently attended him .
13 : 2 And Amnon was so vexed , that he fell sick for his sister Tamar ; for she was a virgin ; and Amnon thought it hard for him to do anything to her .
Well , at last , as I need not tell you , you were forced on me ; and what a sweet figure I cut !-- what an evening of agony it was !-- Marianne , beautiful as an angel on one side , calling me Willoughby in such a tone !-- Oh , God !-- holding out her hand to me , asking me for an explanation , with those bewitching eyes fixed in such speaking solicitude on my face !-- and Sophia , jealous as the devil on the other hand , looking all that was -- Well , it does not signify ; it is over now .-- Such an evening !-- I ran away from you all as soon as I could ; but not before I had seen Marianne ' s sweet face as white as death .-- THAT was the last , last look I ever had of her ;-- the last manner in which she appeared to me .
She soon believed herself to penetrate Mrs . Elton ' s thoughts , and understand why she was , like herself , in happy spirits ; it was being in Miss Fairfax ' s confidence , and fancying herself acquainted with what was still a secret to other people .
9 : 15 And Jesus said unto them , Can the children of the bridechamber mourn , as long as the bridegroom is with them ?
Smallridge , too !
11 : 9 An hypocrite with his mouth destroyeth his neighbour : but through knowledge shall the just be delivered .
As the head of the house , he felt that he ought to have been consulted , especially after taking the young man so publicly by the hand ; " For they must have been seen together ," he observed , " once at Tattersall ' s , and twice in the lobby of the House of Commons ."
1 : 49 And all the guests that were with Adonijah were afraid , and rose up , and went every man his way .
It was all general approbation and smoothness ; nothing delineated or distinguished .
13 : 28 Now Absalom had commanded his servants , saying , Mark ye now when Amnon ' s heart is merry with wine , and when I say unto you , Smite Amnon ; then kill him , fear not : have not I commanded you ?
And all the people answered , Amen , Amen , with lifting up their hands : and they bowed their heads , and worshipped the LORD with their faces to the ground .
107 : 3 And gathered them out of the lands , from the east , and from the west , from the north , and from the south .
139 : 10 Even there shall thy hand lead me , and thy right hand shall hold me .
19 : 27 Cease , my son , to hear the instruction that causeth to err from the words of knowledge .
23 : 19 Then the chief captain took him by the hand , and went with him aside privately , and asked him , What is that thou hast to tell me ?
60 : 11 Therefore thy gates shall be open continually ; they shall not be shut day nor night ; that men may bring unto thee the forces of the Gentiles , and that their kings may be brought .
it was full of judgment ; righteousness lodged in it ; but now murderers .
Much as you suffer now , think of what you would have suffered if the discovery of his character had been delayed to a later period -- if your engagement had been carried on for months and months , as it might have been , before he chose to put an end to it .
34 : 22 And Hilkiah , and they that the king had appointed , went to Huldah the prophetess , the wife of Shallum the son of Tikvath , the son of Hasrah , keeper of the wardrobe ; ( now she dwelt in Jerusalem in the college :) and they spake to her to that effect .
who hath contentions ?
We had had a great deal of trouble in persuading him to sit at all .
The clock struck eight .
29 : 14 Neither with you only do I make this covenant and this oath ; 29 : 15 But with him that standeth here with us this day before the LORD our God , and also with him that is not here with us this day : 29 : 16 ( For ye know how we have dwelt in the land of Egypt ; and how we came through the nations which ye passed by ; 29 : 17 And ye have seen their abominations , and their idols , wood and stone , silver and gold , which were among them :) 29 : 18 Lest there should be among you man , or woman , or family , or tribe , whose heart turneth away this day from the LORD our God , to go and serve the gods of these nations ; lest there should be among you a root that beareth gall and wormwood ; 29 : 19 And it come to pass , when he heareth the words of this curse , that he bless himself in his heart , saying , I shall have peace , though I walk in the imagination of mine heart , to add drunkenness to thirst : 29 : 20 The LORD will not spare him , but then the anger of the LORD and his jealousy shall smoke against that man , and all the curses that are written in this book shall lie upon him , and the LORD shall blot out his name from under heaven .
20 : 4 Then said Jonathan unto David , Whatsoever thy soul desireth , I will even do it for thee .
2 : 17 And he said , Speak , I pray thee , unto Solomon the king , ( for he will not say thee nay ,) that he give me Abishag the Shunammite to wife .
He seemed to be almost asking her , whether her affections were engaged .-- But as soon as she ( Miss Woodhouse ) appeared likely to join them , he changed the subject , and began talking about farming :-- The second , was his having sat talking with her nearly half an hour before Emma came back from her visit , the very last morning of his being at Hartfield -- though , when he first came in , he had said that he could not stay five minutes -- and his having told her , during their conversation , that though he must go to London , it was very much against his inclination that he left home at all , which was much more ( as Emma felt ) than he had acknowledged to _her_ .
His wife gave him a look which invited him in ; and , while he was coming round , added , " Now , dearest Emma , let me intreat you to say and look every thing that may set his heart at ease , and incline him to be satisfied with the match .
15 : 10 And the men of Judah said , Why are ye come up against us ?
3 : 1 Behold , I will send my messenger , and he shall prepare the way before me : and the LORD , whom ye seek , shall suddenly come to his temple , even the messenger of the covenant , whom ye delight in : behold , he shall come , saith the LORD of hosts .
I had not the least idea !-- Jane took Mrs . Elton aside , and told her at once , that upon thinking over the advantages of Mrs . Smallridge ' s situation , she had come to the resolution of accepting it .-- I did not know a word of it till it was all settled ."
I shall hear of every thing that is going on among you .
4 : 4 So the people sent to Shiloh , that they might bring from thence the ark of the covenant of the LORD of hosts , which dwelleth between the cherubims : and the two sons of Eli , Hophni and Phinehas , were there with the ark of the covenant of God .
" I do not say it is so ; but you will do well to consider whether it is so or not , and to regulate your behaviour accordingly .
26 : 20 And there was also a man that prophesied in the name of the LORD , Urijah the son of Shemaiah of Kirjathjearim , who prophesied against this city and against this land according to all the words of Jeremiah .
6 : 14 But , behold , I will raise up against you a nation , O house of Israel , saith the LORD the God of hosts ; and they shall afflict you from the entering in of Hemath unto the river of the wilderness .
But the fortune , which had been so tardy in coming , was his only one twelvemonth .
It would not have been the awkwardness of a moment , it would have been rather a pleasure , previous to the suspicions of this very day ; she could have talked to him of Harriet , and the three - quarters of a mile would have seemed but one .
39 : 19 Hast thou given the horse strength ?
28 : 26 And thy carcase shall be meat unto all fowls of the air , and unto the beasts of the earth , and no man shall fray them away .
23 : 55 And the women also , which came with him from Galilee , followed after , and beheld the sepulchre , and how his body was laid .
The land was so very desirable for me in every respect , so immediately adjoining my own property , that I felt it my duty to buy it .
18 : 7 Then the earth shook and trembled ; the foundations also of the hills moved and were shaken , because he was wroth .
" You must begin your improvements on this house ," observed Elinor , " and your difficulties will soon vanish ."
24 : 24 For the army of the Syrians came with a small company of men , and the LORD delivered a very great host into their hand , because they had forsaken the LORD God of their fathers .
47 : 4 They said morever unto Pharaoh , For to sojourn in the land are we come ; for thy servants have no pasture for their flocks ; for the famine is sore in the land of Canaan : now therefore , we pray thee , let thy servants dwell in the land of Goshen .
7 : 9 And as I may so say , Levi also , who receiveth tithes , payed tithes in Abraham .
I question whether Marianne NOW , will marry a man worth more than five or six hundred a - year , at the utmost , and I am very much deceived if YOU do not do better .
9 : 17 And when Samuel saw Saul , the LORD said unto him , Behold the man whom I spake to thee of !
45 : 4 Thus shalt thou say unto him , The LORD saith thus ; Behold , that which I have built will I break down , and that which I have planted I will pluck up , even this whole land .
4 : 2 I thought it good to shew the signs and wonders that the high God hath wrought toward me .
Astonishment , that would have been as painful as it was strong , had not an immediate disbelief of the assertion attended it .
" I mean that he has done it ," answered Mr . Knightley , with smiling but determined decision , " and been accepted ."
9 : 9 And they shall answer , Because they forsook the LORD their God , who brought forth their fathers out of the land of Egypt , and have taken hold upon other gods , and have worshipped them , and served them : therefore hath the LORD brought upon them all this evil .
And they brought yet unto him free offerings every morning .
11 : 7 And when they shall have finished their testimony , the beast that ascendeth out of the bottomless pit shall make war against them , and shall overcome them , and kill them .
She played and sang ;-- and drew in almost every style ; but steadiness had always been wanting ; and in nothing had she approached the degree of excellence which she would have been glad to command , and ought not to have failed of .
16 : 10 And the fifth angel poured out his vial upon the seat of the beast ; and his kingdom was full of darkness ; and they gnawed their tongues for pain , 16 : 11 And blasphemed the God of heaven because of their pains and their sores , and repented not of their deeds .
12 : 27 And this word , Yet once more , signifieth the removing of those things that are shaken , as of things that are made , that those things which cannot be shaken may remain .
3 : 40 And the LORD said unto Moses , Number all the firstborn of the males of the children of Israel from a month old and upward , and take the number of their names .
It was soon generally agreed that Tuesday should be the day ; Charles only reserving the advantage of still teasing his wife , by persisting that he would go to the play to - morrow if nobody else would .
34 : 8 This is the word that came unto Jeremiah from the LORD , after that the king Zedekiah had made a covenant with all the people which were at Jerusalem , to proclaim liberty unto them ; 34 : 9 That every man should let his manservant , and every man his maidservant , being an Hebrew or an Hebrewess , go free ; that none should serve himself of them , to wit , of a Jew his brother .
26 : 1 And it came to pass after the plague , that the LORD spake unto Moses and unto Eleazar the son of Aaron the priest , saying , 26 : 2 Take the sum of all the congregation of the children of Israel , from twenty years old and upward , throughout their fathers ' house , all that are able to go to war in Israel .
And when one considers the variety of hands , and of bad hands too , that are to be deciphered , it increases the wonder ."
10 : 19 And the LORD turned a mighty strong west wind , which took away the locusts , and cast them into the Red sea ; there remained not one locust in all the coasts of Egypt .
On this article I can fully acquit him .
18 : 23 Yet , LORD , thou knowest all their counsel against me to slay me : forgive not their iniquity , neither blot out their sin from thy sight , but let them be overthrown before thee ; deal thus with them in the time of thine anger .
29 : 16 Surely your turning of things upside down shall be esteemed as the potter ' s clay : for shall the work say of him that made it , He made me not ?
27 : 29 None devoted , which shall be devoted of men , shall be redeemed ; but shall surely be put to death .
1 : 9 The thing that hath been , it is that which shall be ; and that which is done is that which shall be done : and there is no new thing under the sun .
14 : 33 So Joab came to the king , and told him : and when he had called for Absalom , he came to the king , and bowed himself on his face to the ground before the king : and the king kissed Absalom .
To do what would be most generally pleasing must be our object -- if one could but tell what that would be ."
They were now joined by Mrs . Jennings , who had not patience enough to wait till the door was opened before she told HER story .
The Third Epistle General of John
never mind it , for , when your head ' s bare , You know that the soot cannot spoil your white hair ."
Mr . Palmer made her no answer , and did not even raise his eyes from the newspaper .
The Miss Musgrove , that all this has been happening to .
39 : 21 And I will set my glory among the heathen , and all the heathen shall see my judgment that I have executed , and my hand that I have laid upon them .
Every body does not hunt ."
11 : 2 ( It was that Mary which anointed the Lord with ointment , and wiped his feet with her hair , whose brother Lazarus was sick .)
It is now three years ago ( she had just reached her fourteenth year ,) that I removed her from school , to place her under the care of a very respectable woman , residing in Dorsetshire , who had the charge of four or five other girls of about the same time of life ; and for two years I had every reason to be pleased with her situation .
21 : 22 Jesus saith unto him , If I will that he tarry till I come , what is that to thee ?
2 : 11 For he that said , Do not commit adultery , said also , Do not kill .
14 : 31 Howl , O gate ; cry , O city ; thou , whole Palestina , art dissolved : for there shall come from the north a smoke , and none shall be alone in his appointed times .
29 : 25 And it came to pass , that in the morning , behold , it was Leah : and he said to Laban , What is this thou hast done unto me ?
He spoke and looked so much in earnest , that Anne was not surprised to see Mrs Clay stealing a glance at Elizabeth and herself .
That was what happened before tea .
13 : 35 By this shall all men know that ye are my disciples , if ye have love one to another .
This , Emma could not doubt , was all for herself .
7 : 4 Then the children of Israel did put away Baalim and Ashtaroth , and served the LORD only .
For some time she was amused , without thinking beyond the immediate cause ; but as she came to understand the family better , other feelings arose .
" How is Mary ?"
26 : 12 And the remnant that remaineth of the curtains of the tent , the half curtain that remaineth , shall hang over the backside of the tabernacle .
13 : 9 Be not carried about with divers and strange doctrines .
19 : 13 Thou shalt not defraud thy neighbour , neither rob him : the wages of him that is hired shall not abide with thee all night until the morning .
Emma spoke with a very proper degree of pleasure ; and fully assented to his proposition of Mr . Frank Churchill and Miss Smith making their party quite complete .
13 : 30 And Caleb stilled the people before Moses , and said , Let us go up at once , and possess it ; for we are well able to overcome it .
24 : 17 Now after many years I came to bring alms to my nation , and offerings .
But while their meat was yet in their mouths ,
And Joram brought with him vessels of silver , and vessels of gold , and vessels of brass : 8 : 11 Which also king David did dedicate unto the LORD , with the silver and gold that he had dedicated of all nations which he subdued ; 8 : 12 Of Syria , and of Moab , and of the children of Ammon , and of the Philistines , and of Amalek , and of the spoil of Hadadezer , son of Rehob , king of Zobah .
15 : 2 And I saw as it were a sea of glass mingled with fire : and them that had gotten the victory over the beast , and over his image , and over his mark , and over the number of his name , stand on the sea of glass , having the harps of God .
8 : 9 And he spake also unto the men of Penuel , saying , When I come again in peace , I will break down this tower .
35 : 25 And Jeremiah lamented for Josiah : and all the singing men and the singing women spake of Josiah in their lamentations to this day , and made them an ordinance in Israel : and , behold , they are written in the lamentations .
31 : 3 The LORD hath appeared of old unto me , saying , Yea , I have loved thee with an everlasting love : therefore with lovingkindness have I drawn thee .
no -- there is nothing to surprize one at all .-- A pretty fortune ; and she came in his way ."
1 : 22 And ye came near unto me every one of you , and said , We will send men before us , and they shall search us out the land , and bring us word again by what way we must go up , and into what cities we shall come .
8 : 18 And by the good hand of our God upon us they brought us a man of understanding , of the sons of Mahli , the son of Levi , the son of Israel ; and Sherebiah , with his sons and his brethren , eighteen ; 8 : 19 And Hashabiah , and with him Jeshaiah of the sons of Merari , his brethren and their sons , twenty ; 8 : 20 Also of the Nethinims , whom David and the princes had appointed for the service of the Levites , two hundred and twenty Nethinims : all of them were expressed by name .
12 : 27 He is not the God of the dead , but the God of the living : ye therefore do greatly err .
28 : 8 They shall bring thee down to the pit , and thou shalt die the deaths of them that are slain in the midst of the seas .
11 : 9 And Jephthah said unto the elders of Gilead , If ye bring me home again to fight against the children of Ammon , and the LORD deliver them before me , shall I be your head ?
She must have been in your own circle ; for as you went with Lady Dalrymple , you were in the seats of grandeur , round the orchestra , of course ."
It would be an interesting , and certainly a very kind undertaking ; highly becoming her own situation in life , her leisure , and powers .
12 : 43 Also that day they offered great sacrifices , and rejoiced : for God had made them rejoice with great joy : the wives also and the children rejoiced : so that the joy of Jerusalem was heard even afar off .
10 : 11 And into whatsoever city or town ye shall enter , enquire who in it is worthy ; and there abide till ye go thence .
8 : 8 And the king said unto Hazael , Take a present in thine hand , and go , meet the man of God , and enquire of the LORD by him , saying , Shall I recover of this disease ?
Miss Nash had told her all this , and had talked a great deal more about Mr . Elton ; and said , looking so very significantly at her , " that she did not pretend to understand what his business might be , but she only knew that any woman whom Mr . Elton could prefer , she should think the luckiest woman in the world ; for , beyond a doubt , Mr . Elton had not his equal for beauty or agreeableness ."
" You have some news to hear , now you are come back , that will rather surprize you ."
13 : 11 And all Israel shall hear , and fear , and shall do no more any such wickedness as this is among you .
15 : 24 And Shebaniah , and Jehoshaphat , and Nethaneel , and Amasai , and Zechariah , and Benaiah , and Eliezer , the priests , did blow with the trumpets before the ark of God : and Obededom and Jehiah were doorkeepers for the ark .
72 : 17 His name shall endure for ever : his name shall be continued as long as the sun : and men shall be blessed in him : all nations shall call him blessed .
what hath he done ?
23 : 2 Therefore David enquired of the LORD , saying , Shall I go and smite these Philistines ?
22 : 11 And Zedekiah the son of Chenaanah made him horns of iron : and he said , Thus saith the LORD , With these shalt thou push the Syrians , until thou have consumed them .
Woodhouse ?-- I am so glad .-- Quite out of my power .-- Such a happy little circle as you find us here .-- Yes , indeed .-- Charming young man !-- that is -- so very friendly ; I mean good Mr .
2 : 24 And the servant of the Lord must not strive ; but be gentle unto all men , apt to teach , patient , 2 : 25 In meekness instructing those that oppose themselves ; if God peradventure will give them repentance to the acknowledging of the truth ; 2 : 26 And that they may recover themselves out of the snare of the devil , who are taken captive by him at his will .
1 : 9 Then the king sent unto him a captain of fifty with his fifty .
What would you advise me to do in such a case , Miss Dashwood ?
7 : 31 And they have built the high places of Tophet , which is in the valley of the son of Hinnom , to burn their sons and their daughters in the fire ; which I commanded them not , neither came it into my heart .
And when he was now not far from the house , the centurion sent friends to him , saying unto him , Lord , trouble not thyself : for I am not worthy that thou shouldest enter under my roof : 7 : 7 Wherefore neither thought I myself worthy to come unto thee : but say in a word , and my servant shall be healed .
She was delighted with the fortitude of her little friend -- for fortitude she knew it was in her to give up being in company and stay at home ; and she could now invite the very person whom she really wanted to make the eighth , Jane Fairfax .-- Since her last conversation with Mrs . Weston and Mr . Knightley , she was more conscience - stricken about Jane Fairfax than she had often been .-- Mr .
Do not defer it .
thou also shalt be ashamed of Egypt , as thou wast ashamed of Assyria .
And as to the house being a bad one , I do not know what the Colonel would be at , for it is as good a one as ever I saw ."
28 : 15 Thou wast perfect in thy ways from the day that thou wast created , till iniquity was found in thee .
4 : 7 Remember , I pray thee , who ever perished , being innocent ?
Now , however , we must wish you and Mrs . Bates good morning ."
15 : 8 And last of all he was seen of me also , as of one born out of due time .
As it was , she instantly submitted , and with all the semblance of seeing nothing beyond ; and Anne , eager to escape farther notice , was impatient to know why Mrs Smith should have fancied she was to marry Mr Elliot ; where she could have received the idea , or from whom she could have heard it .
" And I do assure you , ma ' am ," pursued Mrs Croft , " that nothing can exceed the accommodations of a man - of - war ; I speak , you know , of the higher rates .
" It would not be the nature of any woman who truly loved ."
12 : 3 And because he saw it pleased the Jews , he proceeded further to take Peter also .
And Simon ' s wife ' s mother was taken with a great fever ; and they besought him for her .
12 : 25 That there should be no schism in the body ; but that the members should have the same care one for another .
33 : 16 There is no king saved by the multitude of an host : a mighty man is not delivered by much strength .
34 : 34 Let men of understanding tell me , and let a wise man hearken unto me .
" And so you actually put this piece of court - plaister by for his sake !"
" What is the matter ?"
Even so , Amen .
23 : 15 So they laid hands on her ; and when she was come to the entering of the horse gate by the king ' s house , they slew her there .
" Very true , my love , very true .
44 : 11 Then they speedily took down every man his sack to the ground , and opened every man his sack .
But I thought he would have staid now , and it would have been a pity not to have mentioned .
I remember one evening the poor boys saying , ` Uncle seems always tired now .'"
William Larkins is such an old acquaintance !
6 : 29 And they said one to another , Who hath done this thing ?
And your brother and sister were not very kind !
You , Miss Woodhouse , I well know , play delightfully .
48 : 18 O that thou hadst hearkened to my commandments !
Willoughby thought the same ; and their behaviour at all times , was an illustration of their opinions .
6 : 11 Therefore I am full of the fury of the LORD ; I am weary with holding in : I will pour it out upon the children abroad , and upon the assembly of young men together : for even the husband with the wife shall be taken , the aged with him that is full of days .
15 : 22 And whosoever toucheth any thing that she sat upon shall wash his clothes , and bathe himself in water , and be unclean until the even .
13 : 23 And the garrison of the Philistines went out to the passage of Michmash .
said she .
Good Mrs . Stokes would not know her own room again .
7 : 15 So Jacob went down into Egypt , and died , he , and our fathers , 7 : 16 And were carried over into Sychem , and laid in the sepulchre that Abraham bought for a sum of money of the sons of Emmor the father of Sychem .
3 : 50 Till the LORD look down , and behold from heaven .
3 : 18 And they shall hearken to thy voice : and thou shalt come , thou and the elders of Israel , unto the king of Egypt , and ye shall say unto him , The LORD God of the Hebrews hath met with us : and now let us go , we beseech thee , three days ' journey into the wilderness , that we may sacrifice to the LORD our God .
15 : 19 Therefore thus saith the LORD , If thou return , then will I bring thee again , and thou shalt stand before me : and if thou take forth the precious from the vile , thou shalt be as my mouth : let them return unto thee ; but return not thou unto them .
3 : 2 A bishop then must be blameless , the husband of one wife , vigilant , sober , of good behaviour , given to hospitality , apt to teach ; 3 : 3 Not given to wine , no striker , not greedy of filthy lucre ; but patient , not a brawler , not covetous ; 3 : 4 One that ruleth well his own house , having his children in subjection with all gravity ; 3 : 5 ( For if a man know not how to rule his own house , how shall he take care of the church of God ?)
" And a very good living it was ," Charles added : " only five - and - twenty miles from Uppercross , and in a very fine country : fine part of Dorsetshire .
So then with the mind I myself serve the law of God ; but with the flesh the law of sin .
It did appear -- there was no concealing it -- exactly like the pretence of being in love with her , instead of Harriet ; an inconstancy , if real , the most contemptible and abominable !
At last , however , and after I had been six months in England , I DID find her .
20 : 16 And unto Sarah he said , Behold , I have given thy brother a thousand pieces of silver : behold , he is to thee a covering of the eyes , unto all that are with thee , and with all other : thus she was reproved .
31 : 50 We have therefore brought an oblation for the LORD , what every man hath gotten , of jewels of gold , chains , and bracelets , rings , earrings , and tablets , to make an atonement for our souls before the LORD .
80 : 15 And the vineyard which thy right hand hath planted , and the branch that thou madest strong for thyself .
36 : 3 It may be that the house of Judah will hear all the evil which I purpose to do unto them ; that they may return every man from his evil way ; that I may forgive their iniquity and their sin .
35 : 6 So kill the passover , and sanctify yourselves , and prepare your brethren , that they may do according to the word of the LORD by the hand of Moses .
there be many servants now a days that break away every man from his master .
16 : 21 But the Philistines took him , and put out his eyes , and brought him down to Gaza , and bound him with fetters of brass ; and he did grind in the prison house .
17 : 5 So he went and did according unto the word of the LORD : for he went and dwelt by the brook Cherith , that is before Jordan .
9 : 7 But into the second went the high priest alone once every year , not without blood , which he offered for himself , and for the errors of the people : 9 : 8 The Holy Ghost this signifying , that the way into the holiest of all was not yet made manifest , while as the first tabernacle was yet standing : 9 : 9 Which was a figure for the time then present , in which were offered both gifts and sacrifices , that could not make him that did the service perfect , as pertaining to the conscience ; 9 : 10 Which stood only in meats and drinks , and divers washings , and carnal ordinances , imposed on them until the time of reformation .
" I often feel concern ," said she , " that I dare not make our carriage more useful on such occasions .
28 : 20 Again the word of the LORD came unto me , saying , 28 : 21 Son of man , set thy face against Zidon , and prophesy against it , 28 : 22 And say , Thus saith the Lord GOD ; Behold , I am against thee , O Zidon ; and I will be glorified in the midst of thee : and they shall know that I am the LORD , when I shall have executed judgments in her , and shall be sanctified in her .
Such , she believed , were his words ; but scarcely had she received their sound , than her attention was caught by other sounds immediately behind her , which rendered every thing else trivial .
Search , and look : for out of Galilee ariseth no prophet .
1 : 10 Now these are thy servants and thy people , whom thou hast redeemed by thy great power , and by thy strong hand .
2 : 7 I charge you , O ye daughters of Jerusalem , by the roes , and by the hinds of the field , that ye stir not up , nor awake my love , till he please .
And all the people wept again over him .
They have more gentleness .
7 : 2 And it was told the house of David , saying , Syria is confederate with Ephraim .
CHAPTER 3
6 : 11 I went down into the garden of nuts to see the fruits of the valley , and to see whether the vine flourished and the pomegranates budded .
14 : 20 Brethren , be not children in understanding : howbeit in malice be ye children , but in understanding be men .
Towards her husband and mother she was the same as to them ; and intimacy was therefore neither to be looked for nor desired .
" My dear ," said he to his lady , " it is very provoking that we should be so few .
And he said unto the king of Israel , Smite upon the ground .
7 : 22 For I delight in the law of God after the inward man : 7 : 23 But I see another law in my members , warring against the law of my mind , and bringing me into captivity to the law of sin which is in my members .
7 : 9 And mine eye shall not spare , neither will I have pity : I will recompense thee according to thy ways and thine abominations that are in the midst of thee ; and ye shall know that I am the LORD that smiteth .
132 : 7 We will go into his tabernacles : we will worship at his footstool .
Well , my dear Miss Elliot , I hope and trust you will be very happy .
2 : 6 Thou shalt part it in pieces , and pour oil thereon : it is a meat offering .
" The whole of his behaviour ," replied Elinor , " from the beginning to the end of the affair , has been grounded on selfishness .
How directly , how strongly had he expressed himself to her on the subject !-- Not too strongly for the offence -- but far , far too strongly to issue from any feeling softer than upright justice and clear - sighted goodwill .-- She had no hope , nothing to deserve the name of hope , that he could have that sort of affection for herself which was now in question ; but there was a hope ( at times a slight one , at times much stronger ,) that Harriet might have deceived herself , and be overrating his regard for _her_ .-- Wish it she must , for his sake -- be the consequence nothing to herself , but his remaining single all his life .
7 : 14 Then sent Joseph , and called his father Jacob to him , and all his kindred , threescore and fifteen souls .
12 : 26 If ye then be not able to do that thing which is least , why take ye thought for the rest ?
5 : 14 Wherefore thus saith the LORD God of hosts , Because ye speak this word , behold , I will make my words in thy mouth fire , and this people wood , and it shall devour them .
27 : 11 And Moses charged the people the same day , saying , 27 : 12 These shall stand upon mount Gerizim to bless the people , when ye are come over Jordan ; Simeon , and Levi , and Judah , and Issachar , and Joseph , and Benjamin : 27 : 13 And these shall stand upon mount Ebal to curse ; Reuben , Gad , and Asher , and Zebulun , Dan , and Naphtali .
" It is a most repulsive quality , indeed ," said he .
6 : 3 If a man beget an hundred children , and live many years , so that the days of his years be many , and his soul be not filled with good , and also that he have no burial ; I say , that an untimely birth is better than he .
9 : 17 For how great is his goodness , and how great is his beauty !
20 : 22 And the children of Israel , even the whole congregation , journeyed from Kadesh , and came unto mount Hor .
oh that they were printed in a book !
1 : 10 And the whole multitude of the people were praying without at the time of incense .
34 : 31 And Moses called unto them ; and Aaron and all the rulers of the congregation returned unto him : and Moses talked with them .
THE SICK ROSE
If they are not put off , he cannot stir .
Can it be a song of joy ?
Instead of drawing his brother off to a window while they waited for dinner , he was talking to Miss Fairfax .
Still , however , he was not happy .
1 : 9 Except the LORD of hosts had left unto us a very small remnant , we should have been as Sodom , and we should have been like unto Gomorrah .
how those little fingers of yours fly about !"
There was not the like made in any kingdom .
Perhaps he has not observed you yet ."
12 : 13 And the king answered the people roughly , and forsook the old men ' s counsel that they gave him ; 12 : 14 And spake to them after the counsel of the young men , saying , My father made your yoke heavy , and I will add to your yoke : my father also chastised you with whips , but I will chastise you with scorpions .
20 : 5 And Jehoshaphat stood in the congregation of Judah and Jerusalem , in the house of the LORD , before the new court , 20 : 6 And said , O LORD God of our fathers , art not thou God in heaven ?
At last , with some hesitation , Harriet said --
or , lo there !
She knows now what gentlemen are ; and nothing but a gentleman in education and manner has any chance with Harriet ."
5 : 13 When Ephraim saw his sickness , and Judah saw his wound , then went Ephraim to the Assyrian , and sent to king Jareb : yet could he not heal you , nor cure you of your wound .
27 : 6 And now shall mine head be lifted up above mine enemies round about me : therefore will I offer in his tabernacle sacrifices of joy ; I will sing , yea , I will sing praises unto the LORD .
18 : 19 Then said Ahimaaz the son of Zadok , Let me now run , and bear the king tidings , how that the LORD hath avenged him of his enemies .
6 : 67 And they gave unto them , of the cities of refuge , Shechem in mount Ephraim with her suburbs ; they gave also Gezer with her suburbs , 6 : 68 And Jokmeam with her suburbs , and Bethhoron with her suburbs , 6 : 69 And Aijalon with her suburbs , and Gathrimmon with her suburbs : 6 : 70 And out of the half tribe of Manasseh ; Aner with her suburbs , and Bileam with her suburbs , for the family of the remnant of the sons of Kohath .
Elinor could not hear the declaration , nor witness its proofs without sometimes wondering whether her mother ever recollected Edward .
4 : 23 I beheld the earth , and , lo , it was without form , and void ; and the heavens , and they had no light .
20 : 22 But if I say thus unto the young man , Behold , the arrows are beyond thee ; go thy way : for the LORD hath sent thee away .
13 : 22 And when he had removed him , he raised up unto them David to be their king ; to whom also he gave their testimony , and said , I have found David the son of Jesse , a man after mine own heart , which shall fulfil all my will .
" So you have been settling that I should marry Jane Fairfax ?"
I should be mortified indeed if I did not believe I had been of some use ; but it is not every body who will bestow praise where they may .
35 : 28 And the days of Isaac were an hundred and fourscore years .
26 : 31 And thou shalt make a vail of blue , and purple , and scarlet , and fine twined linen of cunning work : with cherubims shall it be made : 26 : 32 And thou shalt hang it upon four pillars of shittim wood overlaid with gold : their hooks shall be of gold , upon the four sockets of silver .
Besides , if she does play so very well , you know , it is no more than she is obliged to do , because she will have to teach .
I shall not stop .
" I mentioned no _names_ , you will observe .-- Oh !
Where is it ?
44 : 7 But thou hast saved us from our enemies , and hast put them to shame that hated us .
She would not allow the presence of Lucy , nor the consciousness of some injustice towards herself , to deter her from saying that she was happy to see him , and that she had very much regretted being from home , when he called before in Berkeley Street .
2 : 9 My beloved is like a roe or a young hart : behold , he standeth behind our wall , he looketh forth at the windows , shewing himself through the lattice .
or shall he break the covenant , and be delivered ?
27 : 1 Then came the daughters of Zelophehad , the son of Hepher , the son of Gilead , the son of Machir , the son of Manasseh , of the families of Manasseh the son of Joseph : and these are the names of his daughters ; Mahlah , Noah , and Hoglah , and Milcah , and Tirzah .
Now , as we may fairly suppose , he would not allow much time to pass before he spoke to the lady , and as he does not appear to have spoken yesterday , it is not unlikely that he should be at Mrs . Goddard ' s to - day ; and she may be detained by a visitor , without thinking him at all a tiresome wretch ."
" Four months !-- Have you known of this four months ?"
" And I will tell you our reason ," she added , " and all about it .
Mr . Wingfield told me that he has never known them more general or heavy -- except when it has been quite an influenza ."
2 : 25 For ye were as sheep going astray ; but are now returned unto the Shepherd and Bishop of your souls .
95 : 11 Unto whom I sware in my wrath that they should not enter into my rest .
That was your doing , papa .
" What a precious deposit !"
If ye will not believe , surely ye shall not be established .
21 : 11 And the thing was very grievous in Abraham ' s sight because of his son .
2 : 2 The kings of the earth set themselves , and the rulers take counsel together , against the LORD , and against his anointed , saying ,
12 : 11 And when they bring you unto the synagogues , and unto magistrates , and powers , take ye no thought how or what thing ye shall answer , or what ye shall say : 12 : 12 For the Holy Ghost shall teach you in the same hour what ye ought to say .
19 : 19 Yet there is both straw and provender for our asses ; and there is bread and wine also for me , and for thy handmaid , and for the young man which is with thy servants : there is no want of any thing .
78 : 58 For they provoked him to anger with their high places , and moved him to jealousy with their graven images .
29 : 46 And they shall know that I am the LORD their God , that brought them forth out of the land of Egypt , that I may dwell among them : I am the LORD their God .
Mrs . Churchill will not be second to any lady in the land for "--
3 : 26 It is good that a man should both hope and quietly wait for the salvation of the LORD .
3 : 24 After him repaired Binnui the son of Henadad another piece , from the house of Azariah unto the turning of the wall , even unto the corner .
49 : 34 The word of the LORD that came to Jeremiah the prophet against Elam in the beginning of the reign of Zedekiah king of Judah , saying , 49 : 35 Thus saith the LORD of hosts ; Behold , I will break the bow of Elam , the chief of their might .
47 : 11 But the miry places thereof and the marishes thereof shall not be healed ; they shall be given to salt .
3 : 5 Trust in the LORD with all thine heart ; and lean not unto thine own understanding .
42 : 8 Therefore take unto you now seven bullocks and seven rams , and go to my servant Job , and offer up for yourselves a burnt offering ; and my servant Job shall pray for you : for him will I accept : lest I deal with you after your folly , in that ye have not spoken of me the thing which is right , like my servant Job .
And the gates of this Chapel were shut And " Thou shalt not ," writ over the door ; So I turned to the Garden of Love That so many sweet flowers bore .
106 : 36 And they served their idols : which were a snare unto them .
15 : 29 And also the Strength of Israel will not lie nor repent : for he is not a man , that he should repent .
25 : 7 And when he was come , the Jews which came down from Jerusalem stood round about , and laid many and grievous complaints against Paul , which they could not prove .
5 : 28 So ought men to love their wives as their own bodies .
I really never could think well of any body who proposed such a thing to any body else ."
She would have given the world to be able to speak -- and to make them understand that she hoped no coolness , no slight , would appear in their behaviour to him ;-- but she had no utterance , and was obliged to leave all to their own discretion .
28 : 3 Draw me not away with the wicked , and with the workers of iniquity , which speak peace to their neighbours , but mischief is in their hearts .
1 : 17 And I will bring distress upon men , that they shall walk like blind men , because they have sinned against the LORD : and their blood shall be poured out as dust , and their flesh as the dung .
And the king of Israel said unto him , So shall thy judgment be ; thyself hast decided it .
On the subject of the first of the two circumstances , she did , after a little reflection , venture the following question .
18 : 22 Now therefore , behold , the LORD hath put a lying spirit in the mouth of these thy prophets , and the LORD hath spoken evil against thee .
with the help of spectacles .
What shall we play at ?
13 : 20 And again he said , Whereunto shall I liken the kingdom of God ?
30 : 10 Hear , O LORD , and have mercy upon me : LORD , be thou my helper .
14 : 26 But the Comforter , which is the Holy Ghost , whom the Father will send in my name , he shall teach you all things , and bring all things to your remembrance , whatsoever I have said unto you .
I hope whenever poor Isabella ' s little ones have the measles , she will send for Perry ."
when shall I leave you again ?"
33 : 27 He looketh upon men , and if any say , I have sinned , and perverted that which was right , and it profited me not ; 33 : 28 He will deliver his soul from going into the pit , and his life shall see the light .
Indeed they are very delightful apples , and Mrs . Wallis does them full justice -- only we do not have them baked more than twice , and Mr . Woodhouse made us promise to have them done three times -- but Miss Woodhouse will be so good as not to mention it .
And the maid went and called the child ' s mother .
12 : 8 And if she be not able to bring a lamb , then she shall bring two turtles , or two young pigeons ; the one for the burnt offering , and the other for a sin offering : and the priest shall make an atonement for her , and she shall be clean .
9 : 12 Moreover thou leddest them in the day by a cloudy pillar ; and in the night by a pillar of fire , to give them light in the way wherein they should go .
and it shall be done .
2 : 6 And when she had opened it , she saw the child : and , behold , the babe wept .
25 : 8 While he answered for himself , Neither against the law of the Jews , neither against the temple , nor yet against Caesar , have I offended any thing at all .
30 : 11 For this commandment which I command thee this day , it is not hidden from thee , neither is it far off .
8 : 25 But if we hope for that we see not , then do we with patience wait for it .
She could not imagine a man more exactly what he ought to be than Mr Elliot ; nor did she ever enjoy a sweeter feeling than the hope of seeing him receive the hand of her beloved Anne in Kellynch church , in the course of the following autumn .
16 : 20 And she said , The Philistines be upon thee , Samson .
how could it be ?-- Then I must have dreamt it -- but I was completely persuaded -- Miss Smith , you walk as if you were tired .
Mrs . John Dashwood now installed herself mistress of Norland ; and her mother and sisters - in - law were degraded to the condition of visitors .
21 : 17 How oft is the candle of the wicked put out !
19 : 7 And all the men were about twelve .
And Joab returned to Jerusalem unto the king .
3 : 12 In that day I will perform against Eli all things which I have spoken concerning his house : when I begin , I will also make an end .
14 : 31 But your little ones , which ye said should be a prey , them will I bring in , and they shall know the land which ye have despised .
That was well done of me ; but there I should have stopped , and left the rest to time and chance .
I heard it from the servant .
12 : 2 A good man obtaineth favour of the LORD : but a man of wicked devices will he condemn .
" I was not at all aware of this .
11 : 8 By faith Abraham , when he was called to go out into a place which he should after receive for an inheritance , obeyed ; and he went out , not knowing whither he went .
1 : 18 And this voice which came from heaven we heard , when we were with him in the holy mount .
said she , " I get quite anxious about you .
" How delighted I am to see you again !
1 : 12 And it shall come to pass at that time , that I will search Jerusalem with candles , and punish the men that are settled on their lees : that say in their heart , The LORD will not do good , neither will he do evil .
" He trifles here ," said he , " as to the temptation .
Sir John , who called on them more than once , brought home such accounts of the favour they were in , as must be universally striking .
and shall the rock be removed out of his place ?
20 : 30 And many other signs truly did Jesus in the presence of his disciples , which are not written in this book : 20 : 31 But these are written , that ye might believe that Jesus is the Christ , the Son of God ; and that believing ye might have life through his name .
34 : 13 Also they were over the bearers of burdens , and were overseers of all that wrought the work in any manner of service : and of the Levites there were scribes , and officers , and porters .
even against the Holy One of Israel .
Mrs . and Miss Bates occupied the drawing - room floor ; and there , in the very moderate - sized apartment , which was every thing to them , the visitors were most cordially and even gratefully welcomed ; the quiet neat old lady , who with her knitting was seated in the warmest corner , wanting even to give up her place to Miss Woodhouse , and her more active , talking daughter , almost ready to overpower them with care and kindness , thanks for their visit , solicitude for their shoes , anxious inquiries after Mr . Woodhouse ' s health , cheerful communications about her mother ' s , and sweet - cake from the beaufet --" Mrs . Cole had just been there , just called in for ten minutes , and had been so good as to sit an hour with them , and _she_ had taken a piece of cake and been so kind as to say she liked it very much ; and , therefore , she hoped Miss Woodhouse and Miss Smith would do them the favour to eat a piece too ."
8 : 3 And it came to pass at the seven years ' end , that the woman returned out of the land of the Philistines : and she went forth to cry unto the king for her house and for her land .
I shall have no difficulty , I suppose , in finding the house ; though Fairfax , I believe , is not the proper name -- I should rather say Barnes , or Bates .
18 : 12 And the messenger that went to call Micaiah spake to him , saying , Behold , the words of the prophets declare good to the king with one assent ; let thy word therefore , I pray thee , be like one of their ' s , and speak thou good .
36 : 9 For , behold , I am for you , and I will turn unto you , and ye shall be tilled and sown : 36 : 10 And I will multiply men upon you , all the house of Israel , even all of it : and the cities shall be inhabited , and the wastes shall be builded : 36 : 11 And I will multiply upon you man and beast ; and they shall increase and bring fruit : and I will settle you after your old estates , and will do better unto you than at your beginnings : and ye shall know that I am the LORD .
139 : 22 I hate them with perfect hatred : I count them mine enemies .
14 : 14 Which when the apostles , Barnabas and Paul , heard of , they rent their clothes , and ran in among the people , crying out , 14 : 15 And saying , Sirs , why do ye these things ?
23 : 14 Now concerning Moses the man of God , his sons were named of the tribe of Levi .
She boldly acknowledged herself flattered , and continued her enquiries .
The impossibility of her quitting her father , Mr . Knightley felt as strongly as herself ; but the inadmissibility of any other change , he could not agree to .
6 : 3 And this will we do , if God permit .
5 : 26 Greet all the brethren with an holy kiss .
10 : 3 For the customs of the people are vain : for one cutteth a tree out of the forest , the work of the hands of the workman , with the axe .
12 : 33 So he offered upon the altar which he had made in Bethel the fifteenth day of the eighth month , even in the month which he had devised of his own heart ; and ordained a feast unto the children of Israel : and he offered upon the altar , and burnt incense .
8 : 33 And they that kept them fled , and went their ways into the city , and told every thing , and what was befallen to the possessed of the devils .
9 : 5 Not for thy righteousness , or for the uprightness of thine heart , dost thou go to possess their land : but for the wickedness of these nations the LORD thy God doth drive them out from before thee , and that he may perform the word which the LORD sware unto thy fathers , Abraham , Isaac , and Jacob .
3 : 24 For shame hath devoured the labour of our fathers from our youth ; their flocks and their herds , their sons and their daughters .
Could not be a better time , Sir Walter , for having a choice of tenants , very responsible tenants .
10 : 1 There was a certain man in Caesarea called Cornelius , a centurion of the band called the Italian band , 10 : 2 A devout man , and one that feared God with all his house , which gave much alms to the people , and prayed to God alway .
I am perfectly comfortable to - day ."
14 : 15 Yet thou shalt be brought down to hell , to the sides of the pit .
18 : 27 And he said , The things which are impossible with men are possible with God .
18 : 19 All the heave offerings of the holy things , which the children of Israel offer unto the LORD , have I given thee , and thy sons and thy daughters with thee , by a statute for ever : it is a covenant of salt for ever before the LORD unto thee and to thy seed with thee .
my dear , but Perry had many doubts about the sea doing her any good ; and as to myself , I have been long perfectly convinced , though perhaps I never told you so before , that the sea is very rarely of use to any body .
I write unto you , young men , because ye have overcome the wicked one .
38 : 4 Therefore the princes said unto the king , We beseech thee , let this man be put to death : for thus he weakeneth the hands of the men of war that remain in this city , and the hands of all the people , in speaking such words unto them : for this man seeketh not the welfare of this people , but the hurt .
I went .
5 : 7 For the vineyard of the LORD of hosts is the house of Israel , and the men of Judah his pleasant plant : and he looked for judgment , but behold oppression ; for righteousness , but behold a cry .
Well , Frank , your dream certainly shews that Highbury is in your thoughts when you are absent .
14 : 3 Then shall the LORD go forth , and fight against those nations , as when he fought in the day of battle .
20 : 9 And Moses took the rod from before the LORD , as he commanded him .
Everything in and about the house would be taken such excellent care of !
7 : 45 Which also our fathers that came after brought in with Jesus into the possession of the Gentiles , whom God drave out before the face of our fathers , unto the days of David ; 7 : 46 Who found favour before God , and desired to find a tabernacle for the God of Jacob .
99 : 8 Thou answeredst them , O LORD our God : thou wast a God that forgavest them , though thou tookest vengeance of their inventions .
and shall Sarah , that is ninety years old , bear ?
38 : 16 O LORD , by these things men live , and in all these things is the life of my spirit : so wilt thou recover me , and make me to live .
my dear , human flesh !
10 : 4 And when he putteth forth his own sheep , he goeth before them , and the sheep follow him : for they know his voice .
5 : 10 Therefore the fathers shall eat the sons in the midst of thee , and the sons shall eat their fathers ; and I will execute judgments in thee , and the whole remnant of thee will I scatter into all the winds .
They are parting ; they are shaking hands .
5 : 12 For thou , LORD , wilt bless the righteous ; with favour wilt thou compass him as with a shield .
" Dear Smith ,-- I have received yours .
And he said , This is the word of the LORD , which he spake by his servant Elijah the Tishbite , saying , In the portion of Jezreel shall dogs eat the flesh of Jezebel : 9 : 37 And the carcase of Jezebel shall be as dung upon the face of the field in the portion of Jezreel ; so that they shall not say , This is Jezebel .
2 : 22 When therefore he was risen from the dead , his disciples remembered that he had said this unto them ; and they believed the scripture , and the word which Jesus had said .
3 : 28 He sitteth alone and keepeth silence , because he hath borne it upon him .
With such a knowledge as this , it was impossible for Elinor to feel easy on the subject .
1 : 10 Then were the men exceedingly afraid , and said unto him .
As Mr Elliot became known to her , she grew more charitable , or more indifferent , towards the others .
For the divisions of Reuben there were great thoughts of heart .
CHAPTER 48
8 : 14 And they gathered them together upon heaps : and the land stank .
and Elizabeth , to do her justice , had , in the first ardour of female alarm , set seriously to think what could be done , and had finally proposed these two branches of economy , to cut off some unnecessary charities , and to refrain from new furnishing the drawing - room ; to which expedients she afterwards added the happy thought of their taking no present down to Anne , as had been the usual yearly custom .
For where ' er the sun does shine , And where ' er the rain does fall , Babes should never hunger there , Nor poverty the mind appall .
1 : 12 These are spots in your feasts of charity , when they feast with you , feeding themselves without fear : clouds they are without water , carried about of winds ; trees whose fruit withereth , without fruit , twice dead , plucked up by the roots ; 1 : 13 Raging waves of the sea , foaming out their own shame ; wandering stars , to whom is reserved the blackness of darkness for ever .
5 : 17 Gilead abode beyond Jordan : and why did Dan remain in ships ?
" They had already spent a week in this manner in Conduit Street , and Lady Middleton could not be displeased at their giving the same number of days to such near relations ."
37 : 20 And the sticks whereon thou writest shall be in thine hand before their eyes .
" Any acquaintance of Anne ' s will always be welcome to me ," was Lady Russell ' s kind answer .
1 : 9 And he said unto them , I am an Hebrew ; and I fear the LORD , the God of heaven , which hath made the sea and the dry land .
1 : 24 Therefore saith the LORD , the LORD of hosts , the mighty One of Israel , Ah , I will ease me of mine adversaries , and avenge me of mine enemies : 1 : 25 And I will turn my hand upon thee , and purely purge away thy dross , and take away all thy tin : 1 : 26 And I will restore thy judges as at the first , and thy counsellors as at the beginning : afterward thou shalt be called , The city of righteousness , the faithful city .
14 : 4 Where no oxen are , the crib is clean : but much increase is by the strength of the ox .
15 : 15 And he brought in the things which his father had dedicated , and the things which himself had dedicated , into the house of the LORD , silver , and gold , and vessels .
You make the most of it , I know ," cried Louisa , " but if it were really so , I should do just the same in her place .
Marianne was afraid of offending , and said no more on the subject ; but the kind of approbation which Elinor described as excited in him by the drawings of other people , was very far from that rapturous delight , which , in her opinion , could alone be called taste .
11 : 30 For as ye in times past have not believed God , yet have now obtained mercy through their unbelief : 11 : 31 Even so have these also now not believed , that through your mercy they also may obtain mercy .
21 : 6 And when we had taken our leave one of another , we took ship ; and they returned home again .
Elinor ' s satisfaction , at the moment of removal , was more positive .
9 : 14 So Jehu the son of Jehoshaphat the son of Nimshi conspired against Joram .
we shall certainly take that post ."
15 : 3 The LORD is a man of war : the LORD is his name .
13 : 49 So shall it be at the end of the world : the angels shall come forth , and sever the wicked from among the just , 13 : 50 And shall cast them into the furnace of fire : there shall be wailing and gnashing of teeth .
" One observation may , I think , be fairly drawn from the whole of the story -- that all Willoughby ' s difficulties have arisen from the first offence against virtue , in his behaviour to Eliza Williams .
Here is complete proof ."
49 : 2 Both low and high , rich and poor , together .
or shall a nation be born at once ?
14 : 2 And Joab sent to Tekoah , and fetched thence a wise woman , and said unto her , I pray thee , feign thyself to be a mourner , and put on now mourning apparel , and anoint not thyself with oil , but be as a woman that had a long time mourned for the dead : 14 : 3 And come to the king , and speak on this manner unto him .
7 : 23 And it shall come to pass in that day , that every place shall be , where there were a thousand vines at a thousand silverlings , it shall even be for briers and thorns .
When you have been here a little longer , Miss Fairfax , you will understand that Mr . Elton is the standard of perfection in Highbury , both in person and mind ."
18 : 10 And Joshua cast lots for them in Shiloh before the LORD : and there Joshua divided the land unto the children of Israel according to their divisions .
13 : 12 Greet one another with an holy kiss .
15 : 33 Now the God of peace be with you all .
35 : 5 And stand in the holy place according to the divisions of the families of the fathers of your brethren the people , and after the division of the families of the Levites .
But ah !
Some inconvenience to your friends , indeed , might result from it -- you would not be able to give them so much of your time .
A hundred a year would make them all perfectly comfortable ."
We will not despair , however .
Her ladyship ' s carriage was a barouche , and did not hold more than four with any comfort .
5 : 9 And he asked him , What is thy name ?
He that is unmarried careth for the things that belong to the Lord , how he may please the Lord : 7 : 33 But he that is married careth for the things that are of the world , how he may please his wife .
It was growing quite dusk , however , before they were in the neighbourhood of Uppercross , and there had been total silence among them for some time , Henrietta leaning back in the corner , with a shawl over her face , giving the hope of her having cried herself to sleep ; when , as they were going up their last hill , Anne found herself all at once addressed by Captain Wentworth .
And , Let every one that nameth the name of Christ depart from iniquity .
7 : 10 I am my beloved ' s , and his desire is toward me .
Selah .
22 : 23 And as they cried out , and cast off their clothes , and threw dust into the air , 22 : 24 The chief captain commanded him to be brought into the castle , and bade that he should be examined by scourging ; that he might know wherefore they cried so against him .
shall it declare thy truth ?
" But you have not seen so much of the world as I have .
33 : 18 And of Zebulun he said , Rejoice , Zebulun , in thy going out ; and , Issachar , in thy tents .
2 : 19 And they said , An Egyptian delivered us out of the hand of the shepherds , and also drew water enough for us , and watered the flock .
25 : 4 Thou shalt not muzzle the ox when he treadeth out the corn .
7 : 6 Give not that which is holy unto the dogs , neither cast ye your pearls before swine , lest they trample them under their feet , and turn again and rend you .
31 : 19 Oh how great is thy goodness , which thou hast laid up for them that fear thee ; which thou hast wrought for them that trust in thee before the sons of men !
14 : 32 What shall one then answer the messengers of the nation ?
So it ceased unto the second year of the reign of Darius king of Persia .
I wish you could have heard how she talked of it -- with what candour and generosity .
I do not say when , but perhaps you may guess where ;-- in the building in which N . takes M . for better , for worse ."
It was enough to secure his good opinion ; for to be unaffected was all that a pretty girl could want to make her mind as captivating as her person .
8 : 16 And I heard a man ' s voice between the banks of Ulai , which called , and said , Gabriel , make this man to understand the vision .
He was devoted to Henrietta ; always turning towards her ; and when he spoke at all , always with the view of supporting her hopes and raising her spirits .
19 : 41 And the coast of their inheritance was Zorah , and Eshtaol , and Irshemesh , 19 : 42 And Shaalabbin , and Ajalon , and Jethlah , 19 : 43 And Elon , and Thimnathah , and Ekron , 19 : 44 And Eltekeh , and Gibbethon , and Baalath , 19 : 45 And Jehud , and Beneberak , and Gathrimmon , 19 : 46 And Mejarkon , and Rakkon , with the border before Japho .
14 : 31 Then Joab arose , and came to Absalom unto his house , and said unto him , Wherefore have thy servants set my field on fire ?
8 : 29 And Moses said , Behold , I go out from thee , and I will intreat the LORD that the swarms of flies may depart from Pharaoh , from his servants , and from his people , to morrow : but let not Pharaoh deal deceitfully any more in not letting the people go to sacrifice to the LORD .
20 : 6 And what man is he that hath planted a vineyard , and hath not yet eaten of it ?
But last February , almost a twelvemonth back , she suddenly disappeared .
With him it was most unnatural .
1 : 17 And I gave my heart to know wisdom , and to know madness and folly : I perceived that this also is vexation of spirit .
She mentioned nothing of what she had heard , or what she intended , at home .
23 : 22 Therefore , O Aholibah , thus saith the Lord GOD ; Behold , I will raise up thy lovers against thee , from whom thy mind is alienated , and I will bring them against thee on every side ; 23 : 23 The Babylonians , and all the Chaldeans , Pekod , and Shoa , and Koa , and all the Assyrians with them : all of them desirable young men , captains and rulers , great lords and renowned , all of them riding upon horses .
Weston .-- So it proved ;-- for when happily released from Mr . Elton , and seated by Mr . Weston , at dinner , he made use of the very first interval in the cares of hospitality , the very first leisure from the saddle of mutton , to say to her ,
21 : 7 And they asked him , saying , Master , but when shall these things be ?
8 : 13 Then I heard one saint speaking , and another saint said unto that certain saint which spake , How long shall be the vision concerning the daily sacrifice , and the transgression of desolation , to give both the sanctuary and the host to be trodden under foot ?
119 : 2 Blessed are they that keep his testimonies , and that seek him with the whole heart .
replied Mrs . Weston , smiling , " what is the certainty of caprice ?"
48 : 5 They saw it , and so they marvelled ; they were troubled , and hasted away .
9 : 1 I say the truth in Christ , I lie not , my conscience also bearing me witness in the Holy Ghost , 9 : 2 That I have great heaviness and continual sorrow in my heart .
124 : 7 Our soul is escaped as a bird out of the snare of the fowlers : the snare is broken , and we are escaped .
yea , sweeter than honey to my mouth !
And , indeed , though my mother ' s eyes are not so good as they were , she can see amazingly well still , thank God !
Among the rest there was one for Colonel Brandon ;-- he took it , looked at the direction , changed colour , and immediately left the room .
And they shall spread the cloth before the elders of the city .
Mamma , how shall we do without her ?"
Wherefore he saith , God resisteth the proud , but giveth grace unto the humble .
2 : 22 And Naomi said unto Ruth her daughter in law , It is good , my daughter , that thou go out with his maidens , that they meet thee not in any other field .
18 : 11 And all the prophets prophesied so , saying , Go up to Ramothgilead , and prosper : for the LORD shall deliver it into the hand of the king .
8 : 4 I charge you , O daughters of Jerusalem , that ye stir not up , nor awake my love , until he please .
" My mother ' s deafness is very trifling you see -- just nothing at all .
she was in hysterics all yesterday .
5 : 9 So Naaman came with his horses and with his chariot , and stood at the door of the house of Elisha .
15 : 28 See , I will tarry in the plain of the wilderness , until there come word from you to certify me .
A SONG
He had abundantly earned the privilege of intimate discussion of her sister ' s disappointment , by the friendly zeal with which he had endeavoured to soften it , and they always conversed with confidence .
This was a pleasure which perhaps the whole day ' s visit might not afford , which certainly did not belong to the present half - hour ; but the very sight of Mrs . Weston , her smile , her touch , her voice was grateful to Emma , and she determined to think as little as possible of Mr . Elton ' s oddities , or of any thing else unpleasant , and enjoy all that was enjoyable to the utmost .
20 : 5 And the men of Gibeah rose against me , and beset the house round about upon me by night , and thought to have slain me : and my concubine have they forced , that she is dead .
48 : 27 And by the border of Zebulun , from the east side unto the west side , Gad a portion .
Selah .
He is the curate of the parish I dare say ."
21 : 23 And when he was come into the temple , the chief priests and the elders of the people came unto him as he was teaching , and said , By what authority doest thou these things ?
I can only say that there was smoothness outwardly .
18 : 16 And those that are to be redeemed from a month old shalt thou redeem , according to thine estimation , for the money of five shekels , after the shekel of the sanctuary , which is twenty gerahs .
8 : 12 And he stayed yet other seven days ; and sent forth the dove ; which returned not again unto him any more .
He expressed great pleasure in meeting Elinor , told her that he had been just going to call in Berkeley Street , and , assuring her that Fanny would be very glad to see her , invited her to come in .
11 : 27 Wherefore whosoever shall eat this bread , and drink this cup of the Lord , unworthily , shall be guilty of the body and blood of the Lord .
Emma could not feel a doubt of having given Harriet ' s fancy a proper direction and raised the gratitude of her young vanity to a very good purpose , for she found her decidedly more sensible than before of Mr . Elton ' s being a remarkably handsome man , with most agreeable manners ; and as she had no hesitation in following up the assurance of his admiration by agreeable hints , she was soon pretty confident of creating as much liking on Harriet ' s side , as there could be any occasion for .
15 : 21 And if there be any blemish therein , as if it be lame , or blind , or have any ill blemish , thou shalt not sacrifice it unto the LORD thy God .
22 : 10 In thee have they discovered their fathers ' nakedness : in thee have they humbled her that was set apart for pollution .
She had something to suffer , perhaps , when they came into contact again , in seeing Anne restored to the rights of seniority , and the mistress of a very pretty landaulette ; but she had a future to look forward to , of powerful consolation .
Frank Churchill ' s character was not desperate .-- She was his own Emma , by hand and word , when they returned into the house ; and if he could have thought of Frank Churchill then , he might have deemed him a very good sort of fellow .
54 : 15 Behold , they shall surely gather together , but not by me : whosoever shall gather together against thee shall fall for thy sake .
1 : 1 The words of Jeremiah the son of Hilkiah , of the priests that were in Anathoth in the land of Benjamin : 1 : 2 To whom the word of the LORD came in the days of Josiah the son of Amon king of Judah , in the thirteenth year of his reign .
15 : 33 And his disciples say unto him , Whence should we have so much bread in the wilderness , as to fill so great a multitude ?
12 : 3 And they that be wise shall shine as the brightness of the firmament ; and they that turn many to righteousness as the stars for ever and ever .
Anne ' s mind was in a most favourable state for the entertainment of the evening ; it was just occupation enough : she had feelings for the tender , spirits for the gay , attention for the scientific , and patience for the wearisome ; and had never liked a concert better , at least during the first act .
17 : 16 But he shall not multiply horses to himself , nor cause the people to return to Egypt , to the end that he should multiply horses : forasmuch as the LORD hath said unto you , Ye shall henceforth return no more that way .
24 : 7 Now the first lot came forth to Jehoiarib , the second to Jedaiah , 24 : 8 The third to Harim , the fourth to Seorim , 24 : 9 The fifth to Malchijah , the sixth to Mijamin , 24 : 10 The seventh to Hakkoz , the eighth to Abijah , 24 : 11 The ninth to Jeshuah , the tenth to Shecaniah , 24 : 12 The eleventh to Eliashib , the twelfth to Jakim , 24 : 13 The thirteenth to Huppah , the fourteenth to Jeshebeab , 24 : 14 The fifteenth to Bilgah , the sixteenth to Immer , 24 : 15 The seventeenth to Hezir , the eighteenth to Aphses , 24 : 16 The nineteenth to Pethahiah , the twentieth to Jehezekel , 24 : 17 The one and twentieth to Jachin , the two and twentieth to Gamul , 24 : 18 The three and twentieth to Delaiah , the four and twentieth to Maaziah .
1 : 7 And all the graven images thereof shall be beaten to pieces , and all the hires thereof shall be burned with the fire , and all the idols thereof will I lay desolate : for she gathered it of the hire of an harlot , and they shall return to the hire of an harlot .
5 : 14 And the LORD spake unto Moses , saying , 5 : 15 If a soul commit a trespass , and sin through ignorance , in the holy things of the LORD ; then he shall bring for his trespass unto the LORD a ram without blemish out of the flocks , with thy estimation by shekels of silver , after the shekel of the sanctuary , for a trespass offering .
5 : 14 Moreover I will make thee waste , and a reproach among the nations that are round about thee , in the sight of all that pass by .
" His fortune too !-- for at my time of life you know , everybody cares about THAT ;-- and though I neither know nor desire to know , what it really is , I am sure it must be a good one ."
Elton ?"
When Lady Russell not long afterwards , was entering Bath on a wet afternoon , and driving through the long course of streets from the Old Bridge to Camden Place , amidst the dash of other carriages , the heavy rumble of carts and drays , the bawling of newspapermen , muffin - men and milkmen , and the ceaseless clink of pattens , she made no complaint .
" Shall we see you tomorrow to dinner ?"
2 : 14 O my dove , that art in the clefts of the rock , in the secret places of the stairs , let me see thy countenance , let me hear thy voice ; for sweet is thy voice , and thy countenance is comely .
15 : 22 And Chenaniah , chief of the Levites , was for song : he instructed about the song , because he was skilful .
If the strength of your reciprocal attachment had failed , as between many people , and under many circumstances it naturally would during a four years ' engagement , your situation would have been pitiable , indeed ."
37 : 8 So Rabshakeh returned , and found the king of Assyria warring against Libnah : for he had heard that he was departed from Lachish .
And the woman said , The serpent beguiled me , and I did eat .
1 : 10 I beseech thee for my son Onesimus , whom I have begotten in my bonds : 1 : 11 Which in time past was to thee unprofitable , but now profitable to thee and to me : 1 : 12 Whom I have sent again : thou therefore receive him , that is , mine own bowels : 1 : 13 Whom I would have retained with me , that in thy stead he might have ministered unto me in the bonds of the gospel : 1 : 14 But without thy mind would I do nothing ; that thy benefit should not be as it were of necessity , but willingly .
28 : 41 And thou shalt put them upon Aaron thy brother , and his sons with him ; and shalt anoint them , and consecrate them , and sanctify them , that they may minister unto me in the priest ' s office .
25 : 15 And the name of the Midianitish woman that was slain was Cozbi , the daughter of Zur ; he was head over a people , and of a chief house in Midian .
succeeded in the true English style , burying under a calmness that seemed all but indifference , the real attachment which would have led either of them , if requisite , to do every thing for the good of the other .
Harriet , she found , had never in her life been within side the Vicarage , and her curiosity to see it was so extreme , that , considering exteriors and probabilities , Emma could only class it , as a proof of love , with Mr . Elton ' s seeing ready wit in her .
27 : 36 And he said , Is not he rightly named Jacob ?
2 : 13 What thing shall I take to witness for thee ?
This is a lamentation , and shall be for a lamentation .
He delighted in being asked , but he would not tell .
6 : 4 Then the presidents and princes sought to find occasion against Daniel concerning the kingdom ; but they could find none occasion nor fault ; forasmuch as he was faithful , neither was there any error or fault found in him .
Her father ' s business was to announce James ' s being gone out to put the horses to , preparatory to their now daily drive to Randalls ; and she had , therefore , an immediate excuse for disappearing .
I assure you , Miss Woodhouse , it is very delightful to me , to be reminded of a place I am so extremely partial to as Maple Grove .
It was an advantage that could not be too gratefully acknowledged , nor too speedily made use of ; and the visit to Lady Middleton , which had not before had any precise limits , was instantly discovered to have been always meant to end in two days ' time .
" I cannot imagine why they should suppose I should not like a long walk ," said Mary , as she went up stairs .
118 : 6 The LORD is on my side ; I will not fear : what can man do unto me ?
108 : 5 Be thou exalted , O God , above the heavens : and thy glory above all the earth ;
22 : 30 A man shall not take his father ' s wife , nor discover his father ' s skirt .
15 : 6 And when he cometh home , he calleth together his friends and neighbours , saying unto them , Rejoice with me ; for I have found my sheep which was lost .
44 : 18 But since we left off to burn incense to the queen of heaven , and to pour out drink offerings unto her , we have wanted all things , and have been consumed by the sword and by the famine .
3 : 9 What profit hath he that worketh in that wherein he laboureth ?
His air and voice recovered their usual briskness : he shook her heartily and gratefully by the hand , and entered on the subject in a manner to prove , that he now only wanted time and persuasion to think the engagement no very bad thing .
30 : 17 And David smote them from the twilight even unto the evening of the next day : and there escaped not a man of them , save four hundred young men , which rode upon camels , and fled .
38 : 14 Then Zedekiah the king sent , and took Jeremiah the prophet unto him into the third entry that is in the house of the LORD : and the king said unto Jeremiah , I will ask thee a thing ; hide nothing from me .
Abraham believed God , and it was counted unto him for righteousness .
28 : 5 As for the earth , out of it cometh bread : and under it is turned up as it were fire .
13 : 16 And I will make thy seed as the dust of the earth : so that if a man can number the dust of the earth , then shall thy seed also be numbered .
Had she left her where she ought , and where he had told her she ought !-- Had she not , with a folly which no tongue could express , prevented her marrying the unexceptionable young man who would have made her happy and respectable in the line of life to which she ought to belong -- all would have been safe ; none of this dreadful sequel would have been .
Lucy directly drew her work table near her and reseated herself with an alacrity and cheerfulness which seemed to infer that she could taste no greater delight than in making a filigree basket for a spoilt child .
it is very fatiguing to him !
" Did he come from your uncle ' s , then , when he visited us ?"
" Nor do I think it a part of Marianne ' s ," said Elinor ; " I should hardly call her a lively girl -- she is very earnest , very eager in all she does -- sometimes talks a great deal and always with animation -- but she is not often really merry ."
I am sure if I had had a notion of it , I would not have joked her about it for all my money .
2 : 23 And I will sow her unto me in the earth ; and I will have mercy upon her that had not obtained mercy ; and I will say to them which were not my people , Thou art my people ; and they shall say , Thou art my God .
9 : 5 And they will deceive every one his neighbour , and will not speak the truth : they have taught their tongue to speak lies , and weary themselves to commit iniquity .
17 : 14 For thus saith the LORD God of Israel , The barrel of meal shall not waste , neither shall the cruse of oil fail , until the day that the LORD sendeth rain upon the earth .
17 : 10 And the brethren immediately sent away Paul and Silas by night unto Berea : who coming thither went into the synagogue of the Jews .
" Oh !
Recollecting himself , however , he added , " That is , I mean to say -- your friends are all truly anxious to see you well settled ; Fanny particularly , for she has your interest very much at heart , I assure you .
( giggling as she spoke ) I ' d lay my life I know what my cousins will say , when they hear of it .
22 : 5 As also the high priest doth bear me witness , and all the estate of the elders : from whom also I received letters unto the brethren , and went to Damascus , to bring them which were there bound unto Jerusalem , for to be punished .
1 : 22 But withal prepare me also a lodging : for I trust that through your prayers I shall be given unto you .
7 : 6 For they have made ready their heart like an oven , whiles they lie in wait : their baker sleepeth all the night ; in the morning it burneth as a flaming fire .
" I am happy you approved ," said Emma , smiling ; " but I hope I am not often deficient in what is due to guests at Hartfield ."
And he smote them with blindness according to the word of Elisha .
The original was all her own -- her own happy thoughts and gentle diction .
41 : 14 Fear not , thou worm Jacob , and ye men of Israel ; I will help thee , saith the LORD , and thy redeemer , the Holy One of Israel .
14 : 7 Go , tell Jeroboam , Thus saith the LORD God of Israel , Forasmuch as I exalted thee from among the people , and made thee prince over my people Israel , 14 : 8 And rent the kingdom away from the house of David , and gave it thee : and yet thou hast not been as my servant David , who kept my commandments , and who followed me with all his heart , to do that only which was right in mine eyes ; 14 : 9 But hast done evil above all that were before thee : for thou hast gone and made thee other gods , and molten images , to provoke me to anger , and hast cast me behind thy back : 14 : 10 Therefore , behold , I will bring evil upon the house of Jeroboam , and will cut off from Jeroboam him that pisseth against the wall , and him that is shut up and left in Israel , and will take away the remnant of the house of Jeroboam , as a man taketh away dung , till it be all gone .
17 : 7 And Moses laid up the rods before the LORD in the tabernacle of witness .
2 : 19 Moreover his mother made him a little coat , and brought it to him from year to year , when she came up with her husband to offer the yearly sacrifice .
11 : 28 Then shall he return into his land with great riches ; and his heart shall be against the holy covenant ; and he shall do exploits , and return to his own land .
10 : 4 Then said Saul to his armourbearer , Draw thy sword , and thrust me through therewith ; lest these uncircumcised come and abuse me .
Edward made no answer .
8 : 4 And his disciples answered him , From whence can a man satisfy these men with bread here in the wilderness ?
They were all at her disposal .
47 : 8 Therefore hear now this , thou that art given to pleasures , that dwellest carelessly , that sayest in thine heart , I am , and none else beside me ; I shall not sit as a widow , neither shall I know the loss of children : 47 : 9 But these two things shall come to thee in a moment in one day , the loss of children , and widowhood : they shall come upon thee in their perfection for the multitude of thy sorceries , and for the great abundance of thine enchantments .
8 : 1 All the commandments which I command thee this day shall ye observe to do , that ye may live , and multiply , and go in and possess the land which the LORD sware unto your fathers .
6 : 14 And said , O LORD God of Israel , there is no God like thee in the heaven , nor in the earth ; which keepest covenant , and shewest mercy unto thy servants , that walk before thee with all their hearts : 6 : 15 Thou which hast kept with thy servant David my father that which thou hast promised him ; and spakest with thy mouth , and hast fulfilled it with thine hand , as it is this day .
" Oh !
5 : 5 Better is it that thou shouldest not vow , than that thou shouldest vow and not pay .
The idea however started by her , was immediately pursued by Colonel Brandon , who was on every occasion mindful of the feelings of others ; and much was said on the subject of rain by both of them .
" If so , you must extend your suspicions and comprehend _Mr_ .
how is Babylon become an astonishment among the nations !
4 : 2 For I give you good doctrine , forsake ye not my law .
32 : 40 For I lift up my hand to heaven , and say , I live for ever .
He might have been in Mr Elliot ' s company , but she had not courage to ask the question .
3 : 14 But John forbad him , saying , I have need to be baptized of thee , and comest thou to me ?
and thy thoughts are very deep .
25 : 36 Take thou no usury of him , or increase : but fear thy God ; that thy brother may live with thee .
21 : 5 And Joab gave the sum of the number of the people unto David .
either a vine , figs ?
27 : 23 And he discerned him not , because his hands were hairy , as his brother Esau ' s hands : so he blessed him .
30 : 29 And he said unto him , Thou knowest how I have served thee , and how thy cattle was with me .
Oh , what would HE say to that !"
23 : 23 And they were instant with loud voices , requiring that he might be crucified .
17 : 3 But Zelophehad , the son of Hepher , the son of Gilead , the son of Machir , the son of Manasseh , had no sons , but daughters : and these are the names of his daughters , Mahlah , and Noah , Hoglah , Milcah , and Tirzah .
21 : 12 From thence they removed , and pitched in the valley of Zared .
11 : 46 But some of them went their ways to the Pharisees , and told them what things Jesus had done .
repeated Lucy .
An abominable puppy !-- You know who I mean ( nodding to her husband ).
for that indeed a notable miracle hath been done by them is manifest to all them that dwell in Jerusalem ; and we cannot deny it .
" Mrs . Ferrars has never yet mentioned Edward ' s name , which does not surprise us ; but , to our great astonishment , not a line has been received from him on the occasion .
51 : 41 How is Sheshach taken !
I am sure , for my part , I should never have known he DID like it better than any other colour , if he had not happened to say so .
30 : 9 And the LORD thy God will make thee plenteous in every work of thine hand , in the fruit of thy body , and in the fruit of thy cattle , and in the fruit of thy land , for good : for the LORD will again rejoice over thee for good , as he rejoiced over thy fathers : 30 : 10 If thou shalt hearken unto the voice of the LORD thy God , to keep his commandments and his statutes which are written in this book of the law , and if thou turn unto the LORD thy God with all thine heart , and with all thy soul .
Piping down the valleys wild , Piping songs of pleasant glee , On a cloud I saw a child , And he laughing said to me :
3 : 1 And he shewed me Joshua the high priest standing before the angel of the LORD , and Satan standing at his right hand to resist him .
2 : 20 But the days will come , when the bridegroom shall be taken away from them , and then shall they fast in those days .
63 : 14 As a beast goeth down into the valley , the Spirit of the LORD caused him to rest : so didst thou lead thy people , to make thyself a glorious name .
15 : 20 And he arose , and came to his father .
145 : 8 The LORD is gracious , and full of compassion ; slow to anger , and of great mercy .
1 : 13 Bring no more vain oblations ; incense is an abomination unto me ; the new moons and sabbaths , the calling of assemblies , I cannot away with ; it is iniquity , even the solemn meeting .
Such a conclusion could not pass unanswered by Mrs . Weston .
He that feareth is not made perfect in love .
11 : 1 And when they came nigh to Jerusalem , unto Bethphage and Bethany , at the mount of Olives , he sendeth forth two of his disciples , 11 : 2 And saith unto them , Go your way into the village over against you : and as soon as ye be entered into it , ye shall find a colt tied , whereon never man sat ; loose him , and bring him .
_She_ certainly had not been in the wrong , and _he_ would never own that he had .
18 : 1 Through desire a man , having separated himself , seeketh and intermeddleth with all wisdom .
" Last night , in Drury Lane lobby , I ran against Sir John Middleton , and when he saw who I was -- for the first time these two months -- he spoke to me .-- That he had cut me ever since my marriage , I had seen without surprise or resentment .
7 : 8 For the head of Syria is Damascus , and the head of Damascus is Rezin ; and within threescore and five years shall Ephraim be broken , that it be not a people .
30 : 23 For I know that thou wilt bring me to death , and to the house appointed for all living .
34 : 11 Observe thou that which I command thee this day : behold , I drive out before thee the Amorite , and the Canaanite , and the Hittite , and the Perizzite , and the Hivite , and the Jebusite .
The Coxes were wondering last night whether she would get into any great family .
Her former apprehensions , now with greater reason restored , left her no doubt of the event ; and though trying to speak comfort to Elinor , her conviction of her sister ' s danger would not allow her to offer the comfort of hope .
Selina , who is mild almost to a fault , bore with them much better ."
37 : 34 And Jacob rent his clothes , and put sackcloth upon his loins , and mourned for his son many days .
She is not a clever girl , but she has better sense than you are aware of , and does not deserve to have her understanding spoken of so slightingly .
To write the same things to you , to me indeed is not grievous , but for you it is safe .
28 : 27 And two other rings of gold thou shalt make , and shalt put them on the two sides of the ephod underneath , toward the forepart thereof , over against the other coupling thereof , above the curious girdle of the ephod .
7 : 20 And the three companies blew the trumpets , and brake the pitchers , and held the lamps in their left hands , and the trumpets in their right hands to blow withal : and they cried , The sword of the LORD , and of Gideon .
No , we should not have heard , if it had not been for this particular circumstance , of her being to come here so soon .
She is reserved , more reserved , I think , than she used to be -- And I love an open temper .
She was born to overcome an affection formed so late in life as at seventeen , and with no sentiment superior to strong esteem and lively friendship , voluntarily to give her hand to another !-- and THAT other , a man who had suffered no less than herself under the event of a former attachment , whom , two years before , she had considered too old to be married ,-- and who still sought the constitutional safeguard of a flannel waistcoat !
9 : 32 And other of their brethren , of the sons of the Kohathites , were over the shewbread , to prepare it every sabbath .
And the land was subdued before them .
5 : 20 Woe unto them that call evil good , and good evil ; that put darkness for light , and light for darkness ; that put bitter for sweet , and sweet for bitter !
15 : 32 It shall be accomplished before his time , and his branch shall not be green .
" You are expecting her again , you say , this morning ?"
22 : 12 And he was with them hid in the house of God six years : and Athaliah reigned over the land .
And how could it be supposed that his uncle and aunt would spare him again ?'
for shame !"
8 : 13 I have surely built thee an house to dwell in , a settled place for thee to abide in for ever .
( Now the name of the city before was Luz .)
68 : 29 Because of thy temple at Jerusalem shall kings bring presents unto thee .
" I do not see how it can be done ," said she , " without affronting Lady Middleton , for they spend every day with her ; otherwise I should be exceedingly glad to do it .
With the Musgroves , there was the happy chat of perfect ease ; with Captain Harville , the kind - hearted intercourse of brother and sister ; with Lady Russell , attempts at conversation , which a delicious consciousness cut short ; with Admiral and Mrs Croft , everything of peculiar cordiality and fervent interest , which the same consciousness sought to conceal ; and with Captain Wentworth , some moments of communications continually occurring , and always the hope of more , and always the knowledge of his being there .
139 : 15 My substance was not hid from thee , when I was made in secret , and curiously wrought in the lowest parts of the earth .
Marianne told her , with the greatest delight , that Willoughby had given her a horse , one that he had bred himself on his estate in Somersetshire , and which was exactly calculated to carry a woman .
1 : 12 Blessed is the man that endureth temptation : for when he is tried , he shall receive the crown of life , which the Lord hath promised to them that love him .
4 : 23 So God subdued on that day Jabin the king of Canaan before the children of Israel .
10 : 1 Now these are the generations of the sons of Noah , Shem , Ham , and Japheth : and unto them were sons born after the flood .
They answered and said , He is guilty of death .
3 : 2 And the woman said unto the serpent , We may eat of the fruit of the trees of the garden : 3 : 3 But of the fruit of the tree which is in the midst of the garden , God hath said , Ye shall not eat of it , neither shall ye touch it , lest ye die .
119 : 97 O how I love thy law !
These things therefore the soldiers did .
4 : 8 And these are their names : The son of Hur , in mount Ephraim : 4 : 9 The son of Dekar , in Makaz , and in Shaalbim , and Bethshemesh , and Elonbethhanan : 4 : 10 The son of Hesed , in Aruboth ; to him pertained Sochoh , and all the land of Hepher : 4 : 11 The son of Abinadab , in all the region of Dor ; which had Taphath the daughter of Solomon to wife : 4 : 12 Baana the son of Ahilud ; to him pertained Taanach and Megiddo , and all Bethshean , which is by Zartanah beneath Jezreel , from Bethshean to Abelmeholah , even unto the place that is beyond Jokneam : 4 : 13 The son of Geber , in Ramothgilead ; to him pertained the towns of Jair the son of Manasseh , which are in Gilead ; to him also pertained the region of Argob , which is in Bashan , threescore great cities with walls and brasen bars : 4 : 14 Ahinadab the son of Iddo had Mahanaim : 4 : 15 Ahimaaz was in Naphtali ; he also took Basmath the daughter of Solomon to wife : 4 : 16 Baanah the son of Hushai was in Asher and in Aloth : 4 : 17 Jehoshaphat the son of Paruah , in Issachar : 4 : 18 Shimei the son of Elah , in Benjamin : 4 : 19 Geber the son of Uri was in the country of Gilead , in the country of Sihon king of the Amorites , and of Og king of Bashan ; and he was the only officer which was in the land .
Mrs . Bates and Mrs . Elton were together .
32 : 6 And Elihu the son of Barachel the Buzite answered and said , I am young , and ye are very old ; wherefore I was afraid , and durst not shew you mine opinion .
14 : 8 Ephraim shall say , What have I to do any more with idols ?
55 : 21 The words of his mouth were smoother than butter , but war was in his heart : his words were softer than oil , yet were they drawn swords .
We explored to King ' s - Weston twice last summer , in that way , most delightfully , just after their first having the barouche - landau .
22 : 45 Strangers shall submit themselves unto me : as soon as they hear , they shall be obedient unto me .
10 : 6 It shall be also carried unto Assyria for a present to king Jareb : Ephraim shall receive shame , and Israel shall be ashamed of his own counsel .
10 : 21 The remnant shall return , even the remnant of Jacob , unto the mighty God .
So the LORD turned from the fierceness of his anger .
7 : 3 I speak not this to condemn you : for I have said before , that ye are in our hearts to die and live with you .
3 : 3 And he came into all the country about Jordan , preaching the baptism of repentance for the remission of sins ; 3 : 4 As it is written in the book of the words of Esaias the prophet , saying , The voice of one crying in the wilderness , Prepare ye the way of the Lord , make his paths straight .
4 : 16 And the sons of Jehaleleel ; Ziph , and Ziphah , Tiria , and Asareel .
" Well ," said she to herself , " this is most strange !-- After I had got him off so well , to chuse to go into company , and leave Harriet ill behind !-- Most strange indeed !-- But there is , I believe , in many men , especially single men , such an inclination -- such a passion for dining out -- a dinner engagement is so high in the class of their pleasures , their employments , their dignities , almost their duties , that any thing gives way to it -- and this must be the case with Mr . Elton ; a most valuable , amiable , pleasing young man undoubtedly , and very much in love with Harriet ; but still , he cannot refuse an invitation , he must dine out wherever he is asked .
have you met him to --"
119 : 58 I intreated thy favour with my whole heart : be merciful unto me according to thy word .
10 : 1 Moreover , brethren , I would not that ye should be ignorant , how that all our fathers were under the cloud , and all passed through the sea ; 10 : 2 And were all baptized unto Moses in the cloud and in the sea ; 10 : 3 And did all eat the same spiritual meat ; 10 : 4 And did all drink the same spiritual drink : for they drank of that spiritual Rock that followed them : and that Rock was Christ .
3 : 17 The LORD thy God in the midst of thee is mighty ; he will save , he will rejoice over thee with joy ; he will rest in his love , he will joy over thee with singing .
5 : 6 This is he that came by water and blood , even Jesus Christ ; not by water only , but by water and blood .
62 : 7 In God is my salvation and my glory : the rock of my strength , and my refuge , is in God .
10 : 23 All things are lawful for me , but all things are not expedient : all things are lawful for me , but all things edify not .
but the thunder of his power who can understand ?
5 : 7 And the priests brought in the ark of the covenant of the LORD unto his place , to the oracle of the house , into the most holy place , even under the wings of the cherubims : 5 : 8 For the cherubims spread forth their wings over the place of the ark , and the cherubims covered the ark and the staves thereof above .
2 : 21 And afterward Hezron went in to the daughter of Machir the father of Gilead , whom he married when he was threescore years old ; and she bare him Segub .
Does not she , Jane ?-- Do not we often talk of Mr . Frank Churchill ?-- Ah !
1 : 39 And Zadok the priest took an horn of oil out of the tabernacle , and anointed Solomon .
Then answered I , and said , So be it , O LORD .
3 : 10 And Joshua said , Hereby ye shall know that the living God is among you , and that he will without fail drive out from before you the Canaanites , and the Hittites , and the Hivites , and the Perizzites , and the Girgashites , and the Amorites , and the Jebusites .
and who gave thee this authority ?
25 : 8 And they cast lots , ward against ward , as well the small as the great , the teacher as the scholar .
18 : 10 As the LORD thy God liveth , there is no nation or kingdom , whither my lord hath not sent to seek thee : and when they said , He is not there ; he took an oath of the kingdom and nation , that they found thee not .
82 : 2 How long will ye judge unjustly , and accept the persons of the wicked ?
30 : 14 And he shall break it as the breaking of the potters ' vessel that is broken in pieces ; he shall not spare : so that there shall not be found in the bursting of it a sherd to take fire from the hearth , or to take water withal out of the pit .
" I am sorry to say , ma ' am , in a most unhappy rupture :-- Edward is dismissed for ever from his mother ' s notice .
She meant to avoid any such alteration of manners as might provoke a remonstrance on his side .
28 : 3 Blessed shalt thou be in the city , and blessed shalt thou be in the field .
13 : 14 Only unto the tribes of Levi he gave none inheritance ; the sacrifices of the LORD God of Israel made by fire are their inheritance , as he said unto them .
22 : 45 If David then call him Lord , how is he his son ?
9 : 4 And the king said unto him , Where is he ?
He turned round on their coming in , and his countenance shewed that he strongly partook of the emotion which over - powered Marianne .
Alas !
On ascending the stairs , the Miss Dashwoods found so many people before them in the room , that there was not a person at liberty to tend to their orders ; and they were obliged to wait .
15 : 53 For this corruptible must put on incorruption , and this mortal must put on immortality .
5 : 9 A little leaven leaveneth the whole lump .
Precious as was the company of her daughter to her , she desired nothing so much as to give up its constant enjoyment to her valued friend ; and to see Marianne settled at the mansion - house was equally the wish of Edward and Elinor .
And she opened a bottle of milk , and gave him drink , and covered him .
For it is not five minutes since I received Mrs . Cole ' s note -- no , it cannot be more than five -- or at least ten -- for I had got my bonnet and spencer on , just ready to come out -- I was only gone down to speak to Patty again about the pork -- Jane was standing in the passage -- were not you , Jane ?-- for my mother was so afraid that we had not any salting - pan large enough .
4 : 30 And Solomon ' s wisdom excelled the wisdom of all the children of the east country , and all the wisdom of Egypt .
3 : 6 I will not be afraid of ten thousands of people , that have set themselves against me round about .
1 : 9 He said unto me again , Stand , I pray thee , upon me , and slay me : for anguish is come upon me , because my life is yet whole in me .
26 : 16 But when he was strong , his heart was lifted up to his destruction : for he transgressed against the LORD his God , and went into the temple of the LORD to burn incense upon the altar of incense .
9 : 3 And , behold , certain of the scribes said within themselves , This man blasphemeth .
And they made Solomon the son of David king the second time , and anointed him unto the LORD to be the chief governor , and Zadok to be priest .
He had hoped she would speak again , but she did not .
21 : 10 And Rizpah the daughter of Aiah took sackcloth , and spread it for her upon the rock , from the beginning of harvest until water dropped upon them out of heaven , and suffered neither the birds of the air to rest on them by day , nor the beasts of the field by night .
It was beginning to rain again , and altogether there was a delay , and a bustle , and a talking , which must make all the little crowd in the shop understand that Lady Dalrymple was calling to convey Miss Elliot .
24 : 16 And herein do I exercise myself , to have always a conscience void to offence toward God , and toward men .
As for Saul , he was yet in Gilgal , and all the people followed him trembling .
You are never sure of a good impression being durable ; everybody may sway it .
30 : 3 For the day is near , even the day of the LORD is near , a cloudy day ; it shall be the time of the heathen .
107 : 35 He turneth the wilderness into a standing water , and dry ground into watersprings .
" Yes ," said his brother hesitatingly , " there is a likeness .
8 : 13 Then Simon himself believed also : and when he was baptized , he continued with Philip , and wondered , beholding the miracles and signs which were done .
4 : 21 The sons of Shelah the son of Judah were , Er the father of Lecah , and Laadah the father of Mareshah , and the families of the house of them that wrought fine linen , of the house of Ashbea , 4 : 22 And Jokim , and the men of Chozeba , and Joash , and Saraph , who had the dominion in Moab , and Jashubilehem .
20 : 6 And David said to Abishai , Now shall Sheba the son of Bichri do us more harm than did Absalom : take thou thy lord ' s servants , and pursue after him , lest he get him fenced cities , and escape us .
Not that she _wanted_ him to marry .
exclaimed Mary , tauntingly .
In the warmth of the moment , and under a mistaken impression , I might , perhaps , have endeavoured to interest you in some circumstances ; but not now .
35 : 20 After all this , when Josiah had prepared the temple , Necho king of Egypt came up to fight against Charchemish by Euphrates : and Josiah went out against him .
Jane had not been gone a quarter of an hour , and they had only accomplished some views of St . Mark ' s Place , Venice , when Frank Churchill entered the room .
or came it unto you only ?
36 : 20 And when they entered unto the heathen , whither they went , they profaned my holy name , when they said to them , These are the people of the LORD , and are gone forth out of his land .
In time , of course , Mr . Knightley would be forgotten , that is , supplanted ; but this could not be expected to happen very early .
31 : 9 Have mercy upon me , O LORD , for I am in trouble : mine eye is consumed with grief , yea , my soul and my belly .
8 : 11 And to him they had regard , because that of long time he had bewitched them with sorceries .
They went to the sands , to watch the flowing of the tide , which a fine south - easterly breeze was bringing in with all the grandeur which so flat a shore admitted .
" Oh !
"-- Mrs . Weston , I suppose ," interrupted Mrs . Elton , rather mortified .
8 : 15 By me kings reign , and princes decree justice .
21 : 28 And Abraham set seven ewe lambs of the flock by themselves .
Tiger , tiger , burning bright In the forests of the night , What immortal hand or eye Dare frame thy fearful symmetry ?
11 : 14 Then said Jesus unto them plainly , Lazarus is dead .
1 : 1 These be the words which Moses spake unto all Israel on this side Jordan in the wilderness , in the plain over against the Red sea , between Paran , and Tophel , and Laban , and Hazeroth , and Dizahab .
And Jane will have such another .
Would not Harriet be the very creature described ?
Emma smiled and answered --" My visit was of use to the nervous part of her complaint , I hope ; but not even I can charm away a sore throat ; it is a most severe cold indeed .
13 : 12 For now we see through a glass , darkly ; but then face to face : now I know in part ; but then shall I know even as also I am known .
It was a very extraordinary thing !
She had learnt , in the last ten minutes , more of his feelings towards Louisa , more of all his feelings than she dared to think of ; and she gave herself up to the demands of the party , to the needful civilities of the moment , with exquisite , though agitated sensations .
1 : 13 Then spake Haggai the LORD ' s messenger in the LORD ' s message unto the people , saying , I am with you , saith the LORD .
40 : 3 And he brought me thither , and , behold , there was a man , whose appearance was like the appearance of brass , with a line of flax in his hand , and a measuring reed ; and he stood in the gate .
10 : 21 In that hour Jesus rejoiced in spirit , and said , I thank thee , O Father , Lord of heaven and earth , that thou hast hid these things from the wise and prudent , and hast revealed them unto babes : even so , Father ; for so it seemed good in thy sight .
39 : 32 Thus was all the work of the tabernacle of the tent of the congregation finished : and the children of Israel did according to all that the LORD commanded Moses , so did they .
3 : 16 And her husband went with her along weeping behind her to Bahurim .
11 : 19 For there must be also heresies among you , that they which are approved may be made manifest among you .
1 : 80 And the child grew , and waxed strong in spirit , and was in the deserts till the day of his shewing unto Israel .
25 : 35 And there shall be a knop under two branches of the same , and a knop under two branches of the same , and a knop under two branches of the same , according to the six branches that proceed out of the candlestick .
As a sort of touchstone , however , she began to speak of his kindness in conveying the aunt and niece ; and though his answer was in the spirit of cutting the matter short , she believed it to indicate only his disinclination to dwell on any kindness of his own .
18 : 22 Jesus saith unto him , I say not unto thee , Until seven times : but , Until seventy times seven .
5 : 6 Your glorying is not good .
When voices of children are heard on the green , And whisperings are in the dale , The days of my youth rise fresh in my mind , My face turns green and pale .
68 : 31 Princes shall come out of Egypt ; Ethiopia shall soon stretch out her hands unto God .
" To London !-- and are you going this morning ?"
With respect to her father , it was a question soon answered .
36 : 8 Now therefore give pledges , I pray thee , to my master the king of Assyria , and I will give thee two thousand horses , if thou be able on thy part to set riders upon them .
" You have no confidence in me , Marianne ."
if Saul hear it , he will kill me .
9 : 11 And the king made of the algum trees terraces to the house of the LORD , and to the king ' s palace , and harps and psalteries for singers : and there were none such seen before in the land of Judah .
for he commandeth even the winds and water , and they obey him .
" It is a sort of thing ," cried Mrs . Elton emphatically , " which _I_ should not have thought myself privileged to inquire into .
But the plan which had arisen on the sacrifice of this , he trusted his dearest Emma would not find in any respect objectionable ; it was , that he should be received at Hartfield ; that so long as her father ' s happiness in other words his life -- required Hartfield to continue her home , it should be his likewise .
19 : 4 And Jonathan spake good of David unto Saul his father , and said unto him , Let not the king sin against his servant , against David ; because he hath not sinned against thee , and because his works have been to thee - ward very good : 19 : 5 For he did put his life in his hand , and slew the Philistine , and the LORD wrought a great salvation for all Israel : thou sawest it , and didst rejoice : wherefore then wilt thou sin against innocent blood , to slay David without a cause ?
And they dwelt from Beersheba unto the valley of Hinnom .
11 : 5 And he said unto them , Which of you shall have a friend , and shall go unto him at midnight , and say unto him , Friend , lend me three loaves ; 11 : 6 For a friend of mine in his journey is come to me , and I have nothing to set before him ?
4 : 18 And Jael went out to meet Sisera , and said unto him , Turn in , my lord , turn in to me ; fear not .
Why they should not openly acknowledge to her mother and herself , what their constant behaviour to each other declared to have taken place , Elinor could not imagine .
One can guess what will happen there .
5 : 13 Thus shall mine anger be accomplished , and I will cause my fury to rest upon them , and I will be comforted : and they shall know that I the LORD have spoken it in my zeal , when I have accomplished my fury in them .
" They are to be put into Mr . Weston ' s stable , papa .
So surprised at their coming to town , though it was what she had rather expected all along ; so angry at their accepting her mother ' s invitation after having declined her own , though at the same time she would never have forgiven them if they had not come !
I told you that I did not wonder at your attachment ; that considering the service he had rendered you , it was extremely natural :-- and you agreed to it , expressing yourself very warmly as to your sense of that service , and mentioning even what your sensations had been in seeing him come forward to your rescue .-- The impression of it is strong on my memory ."
3 : 25 Ye are the children of the prophets , and of the covenant which God made with our fathers , saying unto Abraham , And in thy seed shall all the kindreds of the earth be blessed .
Mr . Weston ' s sanguine temper was a blessing on all his upright and honourable exertions ; but Mr . Weston earned every present comfort before he endeavoured to gain it .-- Very true ; he did not come till Miss Fairfax was here ."
I have no reason , from any thing that has fallen within my observation , to do otherwise .
" Now , how I do wish I understood you !
Emma accepted it with a very eager hand , with an impatience all alive to know what he would say about it , and not at all checked by hearing that her friend was unmentioned .
So they strengthened their hands for this good work .
27 : 16 And they had then a notable prisoner , called Barabbas .
" And I am sure , Sir ."
They described the drawing - room window - curtains of one of the houses on this side of the way , and this part of the street , as being the handsomest and best hung of any in Bath , but could not recollect the exact number , and I have been trying to find out which it could be ; but I confess I can see no curtains hereabouts that answer their description ."
But wisdom is justified of her children .
I only wonder that I am alive after what I have suffered for Edward ' s sake these last four years .
Mr . Knightley , what a delightful party last night ; how extremely pleasant .-- Did you ever see such dancing ?-- Was not it delightful ?-- Miss Woodhouse and Mr . Frank Churchill ; I never saw any thing equal to it ."
shall they not both fall into the ditch ?
20 : 16 So Jonathan made a covenant with the house of David , saying , Let the LORD even require it at the hand of David ' s enemies .
2 : 6 For thus saith the LORD of hosts ; Yet once , it is a little while , and I will shake the heavens , and the earth , and the sea , and the dry land ; 2 : 7 And I will shake all nations , and the desire of all nations shall come : and I will fill this house with glory , saith the LORD of hosts .
2 : 1 I lifted up mine eyes again , and looked , and behold a man with a measuring line in his hand .
87 : 2 The LORD loveth the gates of Zion more than all the dwellings of Jacob .
" Then I take it for granted ," observed Sir Walter , " that his face is about as orange as the cuffs and capes of my livery ."
16 : 7 And they reasoned among themselves , saying , It is because we have taken no bread .
" And so YOU are forced to do it .
But still she had inclination enough for shewing people again how delightfully Mr . Frank Churchill and Miss Woodhouse danced -- for doing that in which she need not blush to compare herself with Jane Fairfax -- and even for simple dancing itself , without any of the wicked aids of vanity -- to assist him first in pacing out the room they were in to see what it could be made to hold -- and then in taking the dimensions of the other parlour , in the hope of discovering , in spite of all that Mr . Weston could say of their exactly equal size , that it was a little the largest .
But to go to school in a summer morn , -- Oh it drives all joy away !
5 : 21 And they took away their cattle ; of their camels fifty thousand , and of sheep two hundred and fifty thousand , and of asses two thousand , and of men an hundred thousand .
46 : 14 And thou shalt prepare a meat offering for it every morning , the sixth part of an ephah , and the third part of an hin of oil , to temper with the fine flour ; a meat offering continually by a perpetual ordinance unto the LORD .
and if I enter into the city , then behold them that are sick with famine !
This is the inheritance of the children of Benjamin according to their families .
15 : 29 He shall not be rich , neither shall his substance continue , neither shall he prolong the perfection thereof upon the earth .
2 : 30 But Sihon king of Heshbon would not let us pass by him : for the LORD thy God hardened his spirit , and made his heart obstinate , that he might deliver him into thy hand , as appeareth this day .
89 : 20 I have found David my servant ; with my holy oil have I anointed him :
There must be the same immediate association of thought , though she was very far from conceiving it to be of equal pain .
13 : 12 If thou shalt hear say in one of thy cities , which the LORD thy God hath given thee to dwell there , saying , 13 : 13 Certain men , the children of Belial , are gone out from among you , and have withdrawn the inhabitants of their city , saying , Let us go and serve other gods , which ye have not known ; 13 : 14 Then shalt thou enquire , and make search , and ask diligently ; and , behold , if it be truth , and the thing certain , that such abomination is wrought among you ; 13 : 15 Thou shalt surely smite the inhabitants of that city with the edge of the sword , destroying it utterly , and all that is therein , and the cattle thereof , with the edge of the sword .
" Is Miss Woodhouse sure that she would like to hear what we are all thinking of ?"
11 : 11 By the blessing of the upright the city is exalted : but it is overthrown by the mouth of the wicked .
My poor husband !
3 : 10 And the king of Israel said , Alas !
My dear cousin " ( sitting down by her ), " you have a better right to be fastidious than almost any other woman I know ; but will it answer ?
" I confess that I do think there is a disparity , too great a disparity , and in a point no less essential than mind .
6 : 12 Let not sin therefore reign in your mortal body , that ye should obey it in the lusts thereof .
31 : 48 And the officers which were over thousands of the host , the captains of thousands , and captains of hundreds , came near unto Moses : 31 : 49 And they said unto Moses , Thy servants have taken the sum of the men of war which are under our charge , and there lacketh not one man of us .
69 : 25 Let their habitation be desolate ; and let none dwell in their tents .
Shall I mention to him your being in Bath ?
But then , Mrs . Goddard will want to see it .-- And I could take the pattern gown home any day .
" Our acquaintance , however , is of many years date .
thou that abhorrest idols , dost thou commit sacrilege ?
While they talked , they were advancing towards the carriage ; it was ready ; and , before she could speak again , he had handed her in .
5 : 8 And Peter answered unto her , Tell me whether ye sold the land for so much ?
That was what I said immediately .-- I was most uncommonly shocked , indeed !-- Poor Edward !-- he has done for himself completely -- shut himself out for ever from all decent society !-- but , as I directly said to my mother , I am not in the least surprised at it ; from his style of education , it was always to be expected .
" Oh !
" Oh !
18 : 16 And he drave them from the judgment seat .
He did not mean to complain , however .
8 : 5 And the streets of the city shall be full of boys and girls playing in the streets thereof .
78 : 59 When God heard this , he was wroth , and greatly abhorred Israel :
" Pray be quick , sir ,"-- said Elinor , impatiently ;-- " I have no time to spare ."
4 : 1 Now when the adversaries of Judah and Benjamin heard that the children of the captivity builded the temple unto the LORD God of Israel ; 4 : 2 Then they came to Zerubbabel , and to the chief of the fathers , and said unto them , Let us build with you : for we seek your God , as ye do ; and we do sacrifice unto him since the days of Esarhaddon king of Assur , which brought us up hither .
Sweet dreams , form a shade O ' er my lovely infant ' s head !
9 : 17 For a testament is of force after men are dead : otherwise it is of no strength at all while the testator liveth .
35 : 33 So ye shall not pollute the land wherein ye are : for blood it defileth the land : and the land cannot be cleansed of the blood that is shed therein , but by the blood of him that shed it .
Colonel Campbell is a very agreeable man , and Mrs . Campbell a friendly , warm - hearted woman .
" It is Frank and Miss Fairfax ," said Mrs . Weston .
16 : 55 When thy sisters , Sodom and her daughters , shall return to their former estate , and Samaria and her daughters shall return to their former estate , then thou and thy daughters shall return to your former estate .
7 : 32 And under the borders were four wheels ; and the axletrees of the wheels were joined to the base : and the height of a wheel was a cubit and half a cubit .
He put the letter into Elinor ' s hands .
4 : 11 If any man speak , let him speak as the oracles of God ; if any man minister , let him do it as of the ability which God giveth : that God in all things may be glorified through Jesus Christ , to whom be praise and dominion for ever and ever .
I don ' t say that it is not a disagreeable business -- but things might be much worse .-- If we walk fast , we shall soon be at Randalls ."
Never had any week passed so quickly -- he could hardly believe it to be gone .
19 : 6 And he went up and down among the lions , he became a young lion , and learned to catch the prey , and devoured men .
-- But ever since we had the history of that day , I have been so fond of Mr .
14 : 4 Therefore speak unto them , and say unto them , Thus saith the Lord GOD ; Every man of the house of Israel that setteth up his idols in his heart , and putteth the stumblingblock of his iniquity before his face , and cometh to the prophet ; I the LORD will answer him that cometh according to the multitude of his idols ; 14 : 5 That I may take the house of Israel in their own heart , because they are all estranged from me through their idols .
" But it is not to be imagined that she lives up to her income .
" Ah !
How can Lyca sleep If her mother weep ?
9 : 9 Then the king called to Ziba , Saul ' s servant , and said unto him , I have given unto thy master ' s son all that pertained to Saul and to all his house .
2 : 20 The children of Gibbar , ninety and five .
Emma and Harriet went together ; Miss Bates and her niece , with the Eltons ; the gentlemen on horseback .
The idea of wanting gratitude and consideration for Miss Woodhouse , whom she really loved extremely , made her wretched for a while , and when the violence of grief was comforted away , still remained powerful enough to prompt to what was right and support her in it very tolerably .
10 : 16 And Saul said unto his uncle , He told us plainly that the asses were found .
24 : 24 And she said unto him , I am the daughter of Bethuel the son of Milcah , which she bare unto Nahor .
And I watered it in fears Night and morning with my tears , And I sunned it with smiles And with soft deceitful wiles .
About four days after Edward ' s arrival Colonel Brandon appeared , to complete Mrs . Dashwood ' s satisfaction , and to give her the dignity of having , for the first time since her living at Barton , more company with her than her house would hold .
16 : 31 The hoary head is a crown of glory , if it be found in the way of righteousness .
19 : 14 And Lot went out , and spake unto his sons in law , which married his daughters , and said , Up , get you out of this place ; for the LORD will destroy this city .
35 : 8 Thus have we obeyed the voice of Jonadab the son of Rechab our father in all that he hath charged us , to drink no wine all our days , we , our wives , our sons , nor our daughters ; 35 : 9 Nor to build houses for us to dwell in : neither have we vineyard , nor field , nor seed : 35 : 10 But we have dwelt in tents , and have obeyed , and done according to all that Jonadab our father commanded us .
Walk home !-- you are prettily shod for walking home , I dare say .
And then , her reserve -- I never could attach myself to any one so completely reserved ."
20 : 2 Send thee help from the sanctuary , and strengthen thee out of Zion ;
15 : 19 Who answered , Give me a blessing ; for thou hast given me a south land ; give me also springs of water .
19 : 14 And it was the preparation of the passover , and about the sixth hour : and he saith unto the Jews , Behold your King !
give me five loaves of bread in mine hand , or what there is present .
28 : 11 And after three months we departed in a ship of Alexandria , which had wintered in the isle , whose sign was Castor and Pollux .
8 : 21 Thou hast neither part nor lot in this matter : for thy heart is not right in the sight of God .
" We think so very differently on this point , Mr . Knightley , that there can be no use in canvassing it .
4 : 1 Now there cried a certain woman of the wives of the sons of the prophets unto Elisha , saying , Thy servant my husband is dead ; and thou knowest that thy servant did fear the LORD : and the creditor is come to take unto him my two sons to be bondmen .
And his mother ' s name was Jehoaddan of Jerusalem .
[ The King James Bible ]
34 : 11 But the cormorant and the bittern shall possess it ; the owl also and the raven shall dwell in it : and he shall stretch out upon it the line of confusion , and the stones of emptiness .
The nature and the simplicity of gentlemen and ladies , with their servants and furniture , I think is best observed by meals within doors .
11 : 13 These all died in faith , not having received the promises , but having seen them afar off , and were persuaded of them , and embraced them , and confessed that they were strangers and pilgrims on the earth .
" I am afraid it cannot take place very soon ."
10 : 5 But with many of them God was not well pleased : for they were overthrown in the wilderness .
16 : 15 I have sewed sackcloth upon my skin , and defiled my horn in the dust .
80 : 3 Turn us again , O God , and cause thy face to shine ; and we shall be saved .
33 : 17 Thine eyes shall see the king in his beauty : they shall behold the land that is very far off .
25 : 5 And I will make Rabbah a stable for camels , and the Ammonites a couching place for flocks : and ye shall know that I am the LORD .
My interference was quite as likely to do harm as good .
Elinor made what excuse she could for her .
can he enter the second time into his mother ' s womb , and be born ?
Every thing that the most zealous affection , the most solicitous care could do to render her comfortable , was the office of each watchful companion , and each found their reward in her bodily ease , and her calmness of spirits .
17 : 3 The fining pot is for silver , and the furnace for gold : but the LORD trieth the hearts .
23 : 5 I would know the words which he would answer me , and understand what he would say unto me .
14 : 2 In my Father ' s house are many mansions : if it were not so , I would have told you .
And they answered him , The LORD bless thee .
You can ' t think how much I go through in my mind from it altogether .
O children of Israel , fight ye not against the LORD God of your fathers ; for ye shall not prosper .
the glory of his nostrils is terrible .
15 : 14 Then Pilate said unto them , Why , what evil hath he done ?
72 : 15 And he shall live , and to him shall be given of the gold of Sheba : prayer also shall be made for him continually ; and daily shall he be praised .
I declare they are quite charming ; I could look at them for ever ."
11 : 56 Then sought they for Jesus , and spake among themselves , as they stood in the temple , What think ye , that he will not come to the feast ?
22 : 19 Therefore thus saith the Lord GOD ; Because ye are all become dross , behold , therefore I will gather you into the midst of Jerusalem .
4 : 9 Furthermore he made the court of the priests , and the great court , and doors for the court , and overlaid the doors of them with brass .
8 : 9 And Moses said unto Pharaoh , Glory over me : when shall I intreat for thee , and for thy servants , and for thy people , to destroy the frogs from thee and thy houses , that they may remain in the river only ?
34 : 11 For thus saith the Lord GOD ; Behold , I , even I , will both search my sheep , and seek them out .
50 : 26 Come against her from the utmost border , open her storehouses : cast her up as heaps , and destroy her utterly : let nothing of her be left .
8 : 19 Behold , this is the joy of his way , and out of the earth shall others grow .
" Well , I am so sorry !-- Oh !
7 : 46 The Nethinims : the children of Ziha , the children of Hashupha , the children of Tabbaoth , 7 : 47 The children of Keros , the children of Sia , the children of Padon , 7 : 48 The children of Lebana , the children of Hagaba , the children of Shalmai , 7 : 49 The children of Hanan , the children of Giddel , the children of Gahar , 7 : 50 The children of Reaiah , the children of Rezin , the children of Nekoda , 7 : 51 The children of Gazzam , the children of Uzza , the children of Phaseah , 7 : 52 The children of Besai , the children of Meunim , the children of Nephishesim , 7 : 53 The children of Bakbuk , the children of Hakupha , the children of Harhur , 7 : 54 The children of Bazlith , the children of Mehida , the children of Harsha , 7 : 55 The children of Barkos , the children of Sisera , the children of Tamah , 7 : 56 The children of Neziah , the children of Hatipha .
15 : 16 How much more abominable and filthy is man , which drinketh iniquity like water ?
He begged their pardon , but he had forgotten his gloves , and instantly crossing the room to the writing table , he drew out a letter from under the scattered paper , placed it before Anne with eyes of glowing entreaty fixed on her for a time , and hastily collecting his gloves , was again out of the room , almost before Mrs Musgrove was aware of his being in it : the work of an instant !
" Upon my word ," said Emma , " I begin to doubt my having any such talent .
8 : 12 Therefore , brethren , we are debtors , not to the flesh , to live after the flesh .
After talking , however , of the weather , and Bath , and the concert , their conversation began to flag , and so little was said at last , that she was expecting him to go every moment , but he did not ; he seemed in no hurry to leave her ; and presently with renewed spirit , with a little smile , a little glow , he said --
4 : 12 And thou shalt eat it as barley cakes , and thou shalt bake it with dung that cometh out of man , in their sight .
Ah !
CHAPTER IX
46 : 4 Harness the horses ; and get up , ye horsemen , and stand forth with your helmets ; furbish the spears , and put on the brigandines .
This is also vanity , yea , it is a sore travail .
He made no answer ; and soon afterwards , by the removal of the tea - things , and the arrangement of the card parties , the subject was necessarily dropped .
12 : 38 And a mixed multitude went up also with them ; and flocks , and herds , even very much cattle .
His affections seemed to reanimate towards them all , and his interest in their welfare again became perceptible .
9 : 13 Have mercy upon me , O LORD ; consider my trouble which I suffer of them that hate me , thou that liftest me up from the gates of death :
yes , I observed it , I assure you .
24 : 30 And they buried him in the border of his inheritance in Timnathserah , which is in mount Ephraim , on the north side of the hill of Gaash .
13 : 19 And Tamar put ashes on her head , and rent her garment of divers colours that was on her , and laid her hand on her head , and went on crying .
5 : 16 Therefore the LORD , the God of hosts , the LORD , saith thus ; Wailing shall be in all streets ; and they shall say in all the highways , Alas !
21 : 21 And he dwelt in the wilderness of Paran : and his mother took him a wife out of the land of Egypt .
15 : 14 And David said unto all his servants that were with him at Jerusalem , Arise , and let us flee ; for we shall not else escape from Absalom : make speed to depart , lest he overtake us suddenly , and bring evil upon us , and smite the city with the edge of the sword .
5 : 7 The king cried aloud to bring in the astrologers , the Chaldeans , and the soothsayers .
48 : 13 And Moab shall be ashamed of Chemosh , as the house of Israel was ashamed of Bethel their confidence .
Pray sir ," turning to the waiter , " did not you hear , did not his servant say whether he belonged to the Kellynch family ?"
7 : 20 But the soul that eateth of the flesh of the sacrifice of peace offerings , that pertain unto the LORD , having his uncleanness upon him , even that soul shall be cut off from his people .
She even proceeded so far as to be concerned to find that Elinor and her sister were so soon to leave town , as she had hoped to see more of them ;-- an exertion in which her husband , who attended her into the room , and hung enamoured over her accents , seemed to distinguish every thing that was most affectionate and graceful .
" Oh !
25 : 5 And Abraham gave all that he had unto Isaac .
Honour the king .
yes -- Mr . Elton , I understand -- certainly as to dancing -- Mrs . Cole was telling me that dancing at the rooms at Bath was -- Mrs . Cole was so kind as to sit some time with us , talking of Jane ; for as soon as she came in , she began inquiring after her , Jane is so very great a favourite there .
I a child , and thou a lamb , We are called by His name .
1 : 7 The fear of the LORD is the beginning of knowledge : but fools despise wisdom and instruction .
2 : 5 For their mother hath played the harlot : she that conceived them hath done shamefully : for she said , I will go after my lovers , that give me my bread and my water , my wool and my flax , mine oil and my drink .
But this , from the momentary perverseness of impatient suffering , she at first refused to do .
24 : 35 And they told what things were done in the way , and how he was known of them in breaking of bread .
or whom have I defrauded ?
34 : 6 Then Jeremiah the prophet spake all these words unto Zedekiah king of Judah in Jerusalem , 34 : 7 When the king of Babylon ' s army fought against Jerusalem , and against all the cities of Judah that were left , against Lachish , and against Azekah : for these defenced cities remained of the cities of Judah .
31 : 14 Ye shall keep the sabbath therefore ; for it is holy unto you : every one that defileth it shall surely be put to death : for whosoever doeth any work therein , that soul shall be cut off from among his people .
10 : 36 And when it rested , he said , Return , O LORD , unto the many thousands of Israel .
It was almost enough to make her think of marrying .
43 : 4 If thou wilt send our brother with us , we will go down and buy thee food : 43 : 5 But if thou wilt not send him , we will not go down : for the man said unto us , Ye shall not see my face , except your brother be with you .
I can easily suppose that his age may appear much greater to you than to my mother ; but you can hardly deceive yourself as to his having the use of his limbs !"
7 : 28 And the work of the bases was on this manner : they had borders , and the borders were between the ledges : 7 : 29 And on the borders that were between the ledges were lions , oxen , and cherubims : and upon the ledges there was a base above : and beneath the lions and oxen were certain additions made of thin work .
20 : 17 And Jonathan caused David to swear again , because he loved him : for he loved him as he loved his own soul .
17 : 25 For thou , O my God , hast told thy servant that thou wilt build him an house : therefore thy servant hath found in his heart to pray before thee .
107 : 37 And sow the fields , and plant vineyards , which may yield fruits of increase .
104 : 23 Man goeth forth unto his work and to his labour until the evening .
A gentleman carrying a gun , with two pointers playing round him , was passing up the hill and within a few yards of Marianne , when her accident happened .
29 : 35 And also the burnt offerings were in abundance , with the fat of the peace offerings , and the drink offerings for every burnt offering .
it would have been a happy thing , if he had never left you .
40 : 6 The voice said , Cry .
or his tongue with a cord which thou lettest down ?
While he lived , it must be only an engagement ; but she flattered herself , that if divested of the danger of drawing her away , it might become an increase of comfort to him .-- How to do her best by Harriet , was of more difficult decision ;-- how to spare her from any unnecessary pain ; how to make her any possible atonement ; how to appear least her enemy ?-- On these subjects , her perplexity and distress were very great -- and her mind had to pass again and again through every bitter reproach and sorrowful regret that had ever surrounded it .-- She could only resolve at last , that she would still avoid a meeting with her , and communicate all that need be told by letter ; that it would be inexpressibly desirable to have her removed just now for a time from Highbury , and -- indulging in one scheme more -- nearly resolve , that it might be practicable to get an invitation for her to Brunswick Square .-- Isabella had been pleased with Harriet ; and a few weeks spent in London must give her some amusement .-- She did not think it in Harriet ' s nature to escape being benefited by novelty and variety , by the streets , the shops , and the children .-- At any rate , it would be a proof of attention and kindness in herself , from whom every thing was due ; a separation for the present ; an averting of the evil day , when they must all be together again .
4 : 1 If thou wilt return , O Israel , saith the LORD , return unto me : and if thou wilt put away thine abominations out of my sight , then shalt thou not remove .
It is tenderness of heart which makes my dear father so generally beloved -- which gives Isabella all her popularity .-- I have it not -- but I know how to prize and respect it .-- Harriet is my superior in all the charm and all the felicity it gives .
11 : 30 By faith the walls of Jericho fell down , after they were compassed about seven days .
10 : 24 And it came to pass , when they brought out those kings unto Joshua , that Joshua called for all the men of Israel , and said unto the captains of the men of war which went with him , Come near , put your feet upon the necks of these kings .
Miss Carteret was very anxious to have a general idea of what was next to be sung .
11 : 13 And the same hour was there a great earthquake , and the tenth part of the city fell , and in the earthquake were slain of men seven thousand : and the remnant were affrighted , and gave glory to the God of heaven .
Then turning to Isabella , who had not been attending before --" You must know , my dear Mrs . Knightley , that we are by no means so sure of seeing Mr . Frank Churchill , in my opinion , as his father thinks .
24 : 12 And if the man be poor , thou shalt not sleep with his pledge : 24 : 13 In any case thou shalt deliver him the pledge again when the sun goeth down , that he may sleep in his own raiment , and bless thee : and it shall be righteousness unto thee before the LORD thy God .
" That cannot be much to your taste , I know ," said she ; " but I do believe him to be an excellent young man ."
6 : 2 And certain of the Pharisees said unto them , Why do ye that which is not lawful to do on the sabbath days ?
8 : 6 Thus saith the LORD of hosts ; If it be marvellous in the eyes of the remnant of this people in these days , should it also be marvellous in mine eyes ?
1 : 13 And Othniel the son of Kenaz , Caleb ' s younger brother , took it : and he gave him Achsah his daughter to wife .
10 : 32 As yet shall he remain at Nob that day : he shall shake his hand against the mount of the daughter of Zion , the hill of Jerusalem .
11 : 28 And Joshua the son of Nun , the servant of Moses , one of his young men , answered and said , My lord Moses , forbid them .
36 : 35 And he made a vail of blue , and purple , and scarlet , and fine twined linen : with cherubims made he it of cunning work .
15 : 6 Therefore thus saith the Lord GOD ; As the vine tree among the trees of the forest , which I have given to the fire for fuel , so will I give the inhabitants of Jerusalem .
112 : 6 Surely he shall not be moved for ever : the righteous shall be in everlasting remembrance .
33 : 4 And when the people heard these evil tidings , they mourned : and no man did put on him his ornaments .
I can imagine , that if you , as you are , Mr . Knightley , were to be transported and placed all at once in Mr . Frank Churchill ' s situation , you would be able to say and do just what you have been recommending for him ; and it might have a very good effect .
Captain Harville smiled , as much as to say , " Do you claim that for your sex ?"
Who is to dance ?"
Howl , ye ships of Tarshish ; for it is laid waste , so that there is no house , no entering in : from the land of Chittim it is revealed to them .
" Then I must bid you farewell for a longer time than I should wish to do ."
8 : 18 And ye shall cry out in that day because of your king which ye shall have chosen you ; and the LORD will not hear you in that day .
25 : 31 A noise shall come even to the ends of the earth ; for the LORD hath a controversy with the nations , he will plead with all flesh ; he will give them that are wicked to the sword , saith the LORD .
16 : 26 And he that let go the goat for the scapegoat shall wash his clothes , and bathe his flesh in water , and afterward come into the camp .
12 : 24 He taketh away the heart of the chief of the people of the earth , and causeth them to wander in a wilderness where there is no way .
4 : 22 And , behold , as Barak pursued Sisera , Jael came out to meet him , and said unto him , Come , and I will shew thee the man whom thou seekest .
12 : 28 And God hath set some in the church , first apostles , secondarily prophets , thirdly teachers , after that miracles , then gifts of healings , helps , governments , diversities of tongues .
6 : 37 Judge not , and ye shall not be judged : condemn not , and ye shall not be condemned : forgive , and ye shall be forgiven : 6 : 38 Give , and it shall be given unto you ; good measure , pressed down , and shaken together , and running over , shall men give into your bosom .
2 : 40 And Shimei arose , and saddled his ass , and went to Gath to Achish to seek his servants : and Shimei went , and brought his servants from Gath .
The yeomanry are precisely the order of people with whom I feel I can have nothing to do .
I shall , therefore , set off to - morrow .'
-- ` I can see nobody ,' said she ; and up she got , and would go away ; and that was what made us keep you waiting -- and extremely sorry and ashamed we were .
I have done very little ."
THE LILY
15 : 18 Then Asa took all the silver and the gold that were left in the treasures of the house of the LORD , and the treasures of the king ' s house , and delivered them into the hand of his servants : and king Asa sent them to Benhadad , the son of Tabrimon , the son of Hezion , king of Syria , that dwelt at Damascus , saying , 15 : 19 There is a league between me and thee , and between my father and thy father : behold , I have sent unto thee a present of silver and gold ; come and break thy league with Baasha king of Israel , that he may depart from me .
46 : 34 That ye shall say , Thy servants ' trade hath been about cattle from our youth even until now , both we , and also our fathers : that ye may dwell in the land of Goshen ; for every shepherd is an abomination unto the Egyptians .
3 : 8 And thy servant is in the midst of thy people which thou hast chosen , a great people , that cannot be numbered nor counted for multitude .
But not a bit did Walter stir .
3 : 23 Truly in vain is salvation hoped for from the hills , and from the multitude of mountains : truly in the LORD our God is the salvation of Israel .
13 : 42 And if there be in the bald head , or bald forehead , a white reddish sore ; it is a leprosy sprung up in his bald head , or his bald forehead .
Truth obliged her to acknowledge some small share in the action , but she was at the same time so unwilling to appear as the benefactress of Edward , that she acknowledged it with hesitation ; which probably contributed to fix that suspicion in his mind which had recently entered it .
There was no promise ."
Those soft blue eyes , and all those natural graces , should not be wasted on the inferior society of Highbury and its connexions .
To treat her with unkindness , to speak of her slightingly is no atonement to Marianne -- nor can I suppose it a relief to your own conscience ."
12 : 40 So stood the two companies of them that gave thanks in the house of God , and I , and the half of the rulers with me : 12 : 41 And the priests ; Eliakim , Maaseiah , Miniamin , Michaiah , Elioenai , Zechariah , and Hananiah , with trumpets ; 12 : 42 And Maaseiah , and Shemaiah , and Eleazar , and Uzzi , and Jehohanan , and Malchijah , and Elam , and Ezer .
no ; Perry shall have all the credit ."
The old well - established grievance of duty against will , parent against child , was the cause of all .
119 : 102 I have not departed from thy judgments : for thou hast taught me .
--
8 : 9 But ye are not in the flesh , but in the Spirit , if so be that the Spirit of God dwell in you .
6 : 13 Thou shalt fear the LORD thy God , and serve him , and shalt swear by his name .
6 : 11 And in it have I put the ark , wherein is the covenant of the LORD , that he made with the children of Israel .
But that he was for ever inconsolable , that he fled from society , or contracted an habitual gloom of temper , or died of a broken heart , must not be depended on -- for he did neither .
13 : 29 The Amalekites dwell in the land of the south : and the Hittites , and the Jebusites , and the Amorites , dwell in the mountains : and the Canaanites dwell by the sea , and by the coast of Jordan .
11 : 14 Then said Samuel to the people , Come , and let us go to Gilgal , and renew the kingdom there .
14 : 13 And there came one that had escaped , and told Abram the Hebrew ; for he dwelt in the plain of Mamre the Amorite , brother of Eshcol , and brother of Aner : and these were confederate with Abram .
7 : 21 For from within , out of the heart of men , proceed evil thoughts , adulteries , fornications , murders , 7 : 22 Thefts , covetousness , wickedness , deceit , lasciviousness , an evil eye , blasphemy , pride , foolishness : 7 : 23 All these evil things come from within , and defile the man .
A very gracious invitation was returned , and the evening no longer dreaded by the fair mistress of the mansion .
3 : 7 Surely the Lord GOD will do nothing , but he revealeth his secret unto his servants the prophets .
what a taking poor Mr . Edward will be in when he hears of it !
6 : 32 And they departed into a desert place by ship privately .
63 : 7 Because thou hast been my help , therefore in the shadow of thy wings will I rejoice .
He has a most excellent mother .
Had she tried to speak , or had she been conscious of half Mrs . Jennings ' s well - meant but ill - judged attentions to her , this calmness could not have been maintained ; but not a syllable escaped her lips ; and the abstraction of her thoughts preserved her in ignorance of every thing that was passing before her .
or knowest thou the time when they bring forth ?
She tried to dissuade Mary from going , but in vain ; and that being the case , thought it best to accept the Miss Musgroves ' much more cordial invitation to herself to go likewise , as she might be useful in turning back with her sister , and lessening the interference in any plan of their own .
41 : 29 Behold , there come seven years of great plenty throughout all the land of Egypt : 41 : 30 And there shall arise after them seven years of famine ; and all the plenty shall be forgotten in the land of Egypt ; and the famine shall consume the land ; 41 : 31 And the plenty shall not be known in the land by reason of that famine following ; for it shall be very grievous .
My peace of mind is doubly involved in it ;-- for not only is it horrible to suspect a person , who has been what HE has been to ME , of such designs ,-- but what must it make me appear to myself ?-- What in a situation like mine , but a most shamefully unguarded affection could expose me to "--
5 : 24 And let it be , when thou hearest the sound of a going in the tops of the mulberry trees , that then thou shalt bestir thyself : for then shall the LORD go out before thee , to smite the host of the Philistines .
2 : 14 Of these things put them in remembrance , charging them before the Lord that they strive not about words to no profit , but to the subverting of the hearers .
15 : 28 The heart of the righteous studieth to answer : but the mouth of the wicked poureth out evil things .
Mrs . Taylor told me of it half an hour ago , and she was told it by a particular friend of Miss Grey herself , else I am sure I should not have believed it ; and I was almost ready to sink as it was .
17 : 14 Notwithstanding they would not hear , but hardened their necks , like to the neck of their fathers , that did not believe in the LORD their God .
let him go and return unto his house , lest he die in the battle , and another man take her .
7 : 20 And whatsoever more shall be needful for the house of thy God , which thou shalt have occasion to bestow , bestow it out of the king ' s treasure house .
4 : 20 Erastus abode at Corinth : but Trophimus have I left at Miletum sick .
24 : 32 Now learn a parable of the fig tree ; When his branch is yet tender , and putteth forth leaves , ye know that summer is nigh : 24 : 33 So likewise ye , when ye shall see all these things , know that it is near , even at the doors .
3 : 7 They gave money also unto the masons , and to the carpenters ; and meat , and drink , and oil , unto them of Zidon , and to them of Tyre , to bring cedar trees from Lebanon to the sea of Joppa , according to the grant that they had of Cyrus king of Persia .
2 : 10 And , behold , I will give to thy servants , the hewers that cut timber , twenty thousand measures of beaten wheat , and twenty thousand measures of barley , and twenty thousand baths of wine , and twenty thousand baths of oil .
His property here , his place , his house , every thing is in such respectable and excellent condition !-- and his woods !-- I have not seen such timber any where in Dorsetshire , as there is now standing in Delaford Hanger !-- And though , perhaps , Marianne may not seem exactly the person to attract him -- yet I think it would altogether be advisable for you to have them now frequently staying with you , for as Colonel Brandon seems a great deal at home , nobody can tell what may happen -- for , when people are much thrown together , and see little of anybody else -- and it will always be in your power to set her off to advantage , and so forth ;-- in short , you may as well give her a chance -- You understand me ."
7 : 54 On the eighth day offered Gamaliel the son of Pedahzur , prince of the children of Manasseh : 7 : 55 His offering was one silver charger of the weight of an hundred and thirty shekels , one silver bowl of seventy shekels , after the shekel of the sanctuary ; both of them full of fine flour mingled with oil for a meat offering : 7 : 56 One golden spoon of ten shekels , full of incense : 7 : 57 One young bullock , one ram , one lamb of the first year , for a burnt offering : 7 : 58 One kid of the goats for a sin offering : 7 : 59 And for a sacrifice of peace offerings , two oxen , five rams , five he goats , five lambs of the first year : this was the offering of Gamaliel the son of Pedahzur .
9 : 8 Aaron therefore went unto the altar , and slew the calf of the sin offering , which was for himself .
But why ?
thou hast done deeds unto me that ought not to be done .
35 : 8 And an highway shall be there , and a way , and it shall be called The way of holiness ; the unclean shall not pass over it ; but it shall be for those : the wayfaring men , though fools , shall not err therein .
This was a subject which ensured Marianne ' s attention , and she was beginning to describe her own admiration of these scenes , and to question him more minutely on the objects that had particularly struck him , when Edward interrupted her by saying , " You must not enquire too far , Marianne -- remember I have no knowledge in the picturesque , and I shall offend you by my ignorance and want of taste if we come to particulars .
And the thing pleased the king ; and he did so .
CHAPTER 24
66 : 15 For , behold , the LORD will come with fire , and with his chariots like a whirlwind , to render his anger with fury , and his rebuke with flames of fire .
hath not God made foolish the wisdom of this world ?
4 : 11 This is the copy of the letter that they sent unto him , even unto Artaxerxes the king ; Thy servants the men on this side the river , and at such a time .
21 : 8 And unto this people thou shalt say , Thus saith the LORD ; Behold , I set before you the way of life , and the way of death .
3 : 24 And if a kingdom be divided against itself , that kingdom cannot stand .
146 : 1 Praise ye the LORD .
28 : 21 To have respect of persons is not good : for for a piece of bread that man will transgress .
This , however , was a profound secret , not to be breathed beyond their own circle .
4 : 16 And Naomi took the child , and laid it in her bosom , and became nurse unto it .
24 : 9 And the servant put his hand under the thigh of Abraham his master , and sware to him concerning that matter .
A little while ago , every letter to Isabella brought an account of fresh gaieties ; dinners at Mr . Cole ' s , or balls at the Crown .
Too good , too excellent creature !
Mr . Elton was called out of the room before tea , old John Abdy ' s son wanted to speak with him .
4 : 23 Now it was not written for his sake alone , that it was imputed to him ; 4 : 24 But for us also , to whom it shall be imputed , if we believe on him that raised up Jesus our Lord from the dead ; 4 : 25 Who was delivered for our offences , and was raised again for our justification .
4 : 6 And Naarah bare him Ahuzam , and Hepher , and Temeni , and Haahashtari .
I should not like a man who is so soon discomposed by a hot morning .
9 : 5 Thou hast rebuked the heathen , thou hast destroyed the wicked , thou hast put out their name for ever and ever .
She was assisted , however , by that perfect indifference and apparent unconsciousness , among the only three of her own friends in the secret of the past , which seemed almost to deny any recollection of it .
How eloquent could Anne Elliot have been !
Little Lamb , who make thee Dost thou know who made thee , Gave thee life , and bid thee feed By the stream and o ' er the mead ; Gave thee clothing of delight , Softest clothing , wolly , bright ; Gave thee such a tender voice , Making all the vales rejoice ?
14 : 18 The simple inherit folly : but the prudent are crowned with knowledge .
8 : 15 But when Pharaoh saw that there was respite , he hardened his heart , and hearkened not unto them ; as the LORD had said .
7 : 29 And he said unto her , For this saying go thy way ; the devil is gone out of thy daughter .
" Poor Miss Taylor !-- I wish she were here again .
13 : 5 And Jonadab said unto him , Lay thee down on thy bed , and make thyself sick : and when thy father cometh to see thee , say unto him , I pray thee , let my sister Tamar come , and give me meat , and dress the meat in my sight , that I may see it , and eat it at her hand .
13 : 14 And in them is fulfilled the prophecy of Esaias , which saith , By hearing ye shall hear , and shall not understand ; and seeing ye shall see , and shall not perceive : 13 : 15 For this people ' s heart is waxed gross , and their ears are dull of hearing , and their eyes they have closed ; lest at any time they should see with their eyes and hear with their ears , and should understand with their heart , and should be converted , and I should heal them .
CHAPTER 5
49 : 29 And he charged them , and said unto them , I am to be gathered unto my people : bury me with my fathers in the cave that is in the field of Ephron the Hittite , 49 : 30 In the cave that is in the field of Machpelah , which is before Mamre , in the land of Canaan , which Abraham bought with the field of Ephron the Hittite for a possession of a buryingplace .
--
" This is most kind , indeed !-- Miss Woodhouse , it is impossible for me to express -- I hope you will believe -- Excuse me for being so entirely without words ."
Mr . Churchill ' s loss would be dreadful indeed .
2 : 15 Now when the turn of Esther , the daughter of Abihail the uncle of Mordecai , who had taken her for his daughter , was come to go in unto the king , she required nothing but what Hegai the king ' s chamberlain , the keeper of the women , appointed .
Will not it be beautiful in her dark hair ?"
45 : 11 So shall the king greatly desire thy beauty : for he is thy Lord ; and worship thou him .
15 : 26 And Samuel said unto Saul , I will not return with thee : for thou hast rejected the word of the LORD , and the LORD hath rejected thee from being king over Israel .
13 : 21 So they went up , and searched the land from the wilderness of Zin unto Rehob , as men come to Hamath .
11 : 25 Jesus said unto her , I am the resurrection , and the life : he that believeth in me , though he were dead , yet shall he live : 11 : 26 And whosoever liveth and believeth in me shall never die .
I could not bear to leave the country in a manner that might lead you , or the rest of the neighbourhood , to suspect any part of what had really passed between Mrs . Smith and myself -- and I resolved therefore on calling at the cottage , in my way to Honiton .
Then the Parson might preach , and drink , and sing , And we ' d be as happy as birds in the spring ; And modest Dame Lurch , who is always at church , Would not have bandy children , nor fasting , nor birch .
2 : 1 And you hath he quickened , who were dead in trespasses and sins ; 2 : 2 Wherein in time past ye walked according to the course of this world , according to the prince of the power of the air , the spirit that now worketh in the children of disobedience : 2 : 3 Among whom also we all had our conversation in times past in the lusts of our flesh , fulfilling the desires of the flesh and of the mind ; and were by nature the children of wrath , even as others .
6 : 34 But the Spirit of the LORD came upon Gideon , and he blew a trumpet ; and Abiezer was gathered after him .
16 : 7 I will bless the LORD , who hath given me counsel : my reins also instruct me in the night seasons .
I have quite a horror of upstarts .
20 : 26 Nevertheless Saul spake not any thing that day : for he thought , Something hath befallen him , he is not clean ; surely he is not clean .
The enclosure of Norland Common , now carrying on , is a most serious drain .
Sir John Middleton , who called on them every day for the first fortnight , and who was not in the habit of seeing much occupation at home , could not conceal his amazement on finding them always employed .
" My dear , you said that Miss Campbell would not allow him to be plain , and that you yourself --"
Then David received them , and made them captains of the band .
38 : 20 And Judah sent the kid by the hand of his friend the Adullamite , to receive his pledge from the woman ' s hand : but he found her not .
This topic was discussed very happily , and others succeeded of similar moment , and passed away with similar harmony ; but the evening did not close without a little return of agitation .
5 : 39 And when he was come in , he saith unto them , Why make ye this ado , and weep ?
26 : 3 And Saul pitched in the hill of Hachilah , which is before Jeshimon , by the way .
11 : 4 He that observeth the wind shall not sow ; and he that regardeth the clouds shall not reap .
In a low , cautious voice , he said : --
24 : 11 Therefore now flee thou to thy place : I thought to promote thee unto great honour ; but , lo , the LORD hath kept thee back from honour .
He was a murderer from the beginning , and abode not in the truth , because there is no truth in him .
2 : 27 The men of Michmas , an hundred twenty and two .
8 : 35 And the servant abideth not in the house for ever : but the Son abideth ever .
Only let me be told when I may speak out .-- I wonder whether Jane has any suspicion ."
for ever ?
51 : 16 When he uttereth his voice , there is a multitude of waters in the heavens ; and he causeth the vapours to ascend from the ends of the earth : he maketh lightnings with rain , and bringeth forth the wind out of his treasures .
34 : 19 All that openeth the matrix is mine ; and every firstling among thy cattle , whether ox or sheep , that is male .
If he does , however , they will leave me in peace , which may be a decent equivalent for the reversion .
do not tell _me_ .
142 : 3 When my spirit was overwhelmed within me , then thou knewest my path .
" Yes , all of us ; Mrs . Elton would have us come .
Selah .
" Here ," resumed Harriet , turning to her box again , " here is something still more valuable , I mean that _has_ _been_ more valuable , because this is what did really once belong to him , which the court - plaister never did ."
37 : 10 And he told it to his father , and to his brethren : and his father rebuked him , and said unto him , What is this dream that thou hast dreamed ?
I am sure I am not extravagant in my demands .
22 : 1 Josiah was eight years old when he began to reign , and he reigned thirty and one years in Jerusalem .
31 : 13 And Jehiel , and Azaziah , and Nahath , and Asahel , and Jerimoth , and Jozabad , and Eliel , and Ismachiah , and Mahath , and Benaiah , were overseers under the hand of Cononiah and Shimei his brother , at the commandment of Hezekiah the king , and Azariah the ruler of the house of God .
9 : 6 And the LORD did that thing on the morrow , and all the cattle of Egypt died : but of the cattle of the children of Israel died not one .
44 : 18 They have not known nor understood : for he hath shut their eyes , that they cannot see ; and their hearts , that they cannot understand .
10 : 14 And when the children of Ammon saw that the Syrians were fled , then fled they also before Abishai , and entered into the city .
Amen .
21 : 13 And there came in two men , children of Belial , and sat before him : and the men of Belial witnessed against him , even against Naboth , in the presence of the people , saying , Naboth did blaspheme God and the king .
10 : 15 The rich man ' s wealth is his strong city : the destruction of the poor is their poverty .
13 : 2 And he cried against the altar in the word of the LORD , and said , O altar , altar , thus saith the LORD ; Behold , a child shall be born unto the house of David , Josiah by name ; and upon thee shall he offer the priests of the high places that burn incense upon thee , and men ' s bones shall be burnt upon thee .
2 : 11 And Elkanah went to Ramah to his house .
31 : 19 Now therefore write ye this song for you , and teach it the children of Israel : put it in their mouths , that this song may be a witness for me against the children of Israel .
" This accounts for something which Mr Elliot said last night ," cried Anne .
7 : 9 And the patriarchs , moved with envy , sold Joseph into Egypt : but God was with him , 7 : 10 And delivered him out of all his afflictions , and gave him favour and wisdom in the sight of Pharaoh king of Egypt ; and he made him governor over Egypt and all his house .
13 : 31 And if the priest look on the plague of the scall , and , behold , it be not in sight deeper than the skin , and that there is no black hair in it ; then the priest shall shut up him that hath the plague of the scall seven days : 13 : 32 And in the seventh day the priest shall look on the plague : and , behold , if the scall spread not , and there be in it no yellow hair , and the scall be not in sight deeper than the skin ; 13 : 33 He shall be shaven , but the scall shall he not shave ; and the priest shall shut up him that hath the scall seven days more : 13 : 34 And in the seventh day the priest shall look on the scall : and , behold , if the scall be not spread in the skin , nor be in sight deeper than the skin ; then the priest shall pronounce him clean : and he shall wash his clothes , and be clean .
For the priest had said , Let her not be slain in the house of the LORD .
Depend upon it , that was the case : and very likely to happen with the Donwell servants , who are all , I have often observed , extremely awkward and remiss .-- I am sure I would not have such a creature as his Harry stand at our sideboard for any consideration .
12 : 3 And in that day will I make Jerusalem a burdensome stone for all people : all that burden themselves with it shall be cut in pieces , though all the people of the earth be gathered together against it .
22 : 43 Then did I beat them as small as the dust of the earth , I did stamp them as the mire of the street , and did spread them abroad .
And Joseph said unto them , Do not interpretations belong to God ?
10 : 3 Mine anger was kindled against the shepherds , and I punished the goats : for the LORD of hosts hath visited his flock the house of Judah , and hath made them as his goodly horse in the battle .
40 : 6 Then answered the LORD unto Job out of the whirlwind , and said , 40 : 7 Gird up thy loins now like a man : I will demand of thee , and declare thou unto me .
Something must be done for them whenever they leave Norland and settle in a new home ."
They went back to dress and dine ; and so well had the scheme answered already , that nothing was found amiss ; though its being " so entirely out of season ," and the " no thoroughfare of Lyme ," and the " no expectation of company ," had brought many apologies from the heads of the inn .
27 : 28 And they stripped him , and put on him a scarlet robe .
I lay no embargo on any body ' s words .
When it came to such a pitch as this , she was not able to refrain from a start , or a heavy sigh , or even from walking about the room for a few seconds -- and the only source whence any thing like consolation or composure could be drawn , was in the resolution of her own better conduct , and the hope that , however inferior in spirit and gaiety might be the following and every future winter of her life to the past , it would yet find her more rational , more acquainted with herself , and leave her less to regret when it were gone .
And , behold , there came a voice unto him , and said , What doest thou here , Elijah ?
After sitting with them a few minutes , the Miss Steeles returned to the Park , and Elinor was then at liberty to think and be wretched .
When I am quite determined as to the time , I am not at all afraid of being long unemployed .
3 : 20 Wherefore is light given to him that is in misery , and life unto the bitter in soul ; 3 : 21 Which long for death , but it cometh not ; and dig for it more than for hid treasures ; 3 : 22 Which rejoice exceedingly , and are glad , when they can find the grave ?
And on Mrs Musgrove ' s side , it was , " I make a rule of never interfering in any of my daughter - in - law ' s concerns , for I know it would not do ; but I shall tell you , Miss Anne , because you may be able to set things to rights , that I have no very good opinion of Mrs Charles ' s nursery - maid : I hear strange stories of her ; she is always upon the gad ; and from my own knowledge , I can declare , she is such a fine - dressing lady , that she is enough to ruin any servants she comes near .
You understand every thing .
She seemed to propose shewing no agitation , or disappointment , or peculiar concern in the discovery .
" Very good humoured , unaffected girls , indeed ," said Mrs Croft , in a tone of calmer praise , such as made Anne suspect that her keener powers might not consider either of them as quite worthy of her brother ; " and a very respectable family .
" No , indeed ," cried Emma , most happy to begin , " not in the least .
23 : 25 Thy father and thy mother shall be glad , and she that bare thee shall rejoice .
24 : 4 Again the word of the LORD came unto me , saying , 24 : 5 Thus saith the LORD , the God of Israel ; Like these good figs , so will I acknowledge them that are carried away captive of Judah , whom I have sent out of this place into the land of the Chaldeans for their good .
They are jealous even of his regard for his father .
DIVINE IMAGE
"' Tis because you are an indifferent person ," said Lucy , with some pique , and laying a particular stress on those words , " that your judgment might justly have such weight with me .
" I am extremely glad to hear it , upon my word ; extremely glad indeed .
7 : 7 And Noah went in , and his sons , and his wife , and his sons ' wives with him , into the ark , because of the waters of the flood .
1 : 11 Then said they unto him , What shall we do unto thee , that the sea may be calm unto us ?
The charming Augusta Hawkins , in addition to all the usual advantages of perfect beauty and merit , was in possession of an independent fortune , of so many thousands as would always be called ten ; a point of some dignity , as well as some convenience : the story told well ; he had not thrown himself away -- he had gained a woman of 10 , 000 l . or thereabouts ; and he had gained her with such delightful rapidity -- the first hour of introduction had been so very soon followed by distinguishing notice ; the history which he had to give Mrs . Cole of the rise and progress of the affair was so glorious -- the steps so quick , from the accidental rencontre , to the dinner at Mr . Green ' s , and the party at Mrs . Brown ' s -- smiles and blushes rising in importance -- with consciousness and agitation richly scattered -- the lady had been so easily impressed -- so sweetly disposed -- had in short , to use a most intelligible phrase , been so very ready to have him , that vanity and prudence were equally contented .
VOLUME II
26 : 29 And Paul said , I would to God , that not only thou , but also all that hear me this day , were both almost , and altogether such as I am , except these bonds .
7 : 3 For the Pharisees , and all the Jews , except they wash their hands oft , eat not , holding the tradition of the elders .
26 : 1 Then all the people of Judah took Uzziah , who was sixteen years old , and made him king in the room of his father Amaziah .
4 : 29 But as then he that was born after the flesh persecuted him that was born after the Spirit , even so it is now .
" Oh , ho !-- I understand you .
" You mean Mr Wentworth , I suppose ?"
I go to prepare a place for you .
73 : 25 Whom have I in heaven but thee ?
( in a tone of wonder and pity ,) I had no idea that the law had been so great a slavery .
9 : 27 God shall enlarge Japheth , and he shall dwell in the tents of Shem ; and Canaan shall be his servant .
49 : 3 Reuben , thou art my firstborn , my might , and the beginning of my strength , the excellency of dignity , and the excellency of power : 49 : 4 Unstable as water , thou shalt not excel ; because thou wentest up to thy father ' s bed ; then defiledst thou it : he went up to my couch .
46 : 26 All the souls that came with Jacob into Egypt , which came out of his loins , besides Jacob ' s sons ' wives , all the souls were threescore and six ; 46 : 27 And the sons of Joseph , which were born him in Egypt , were two souls : all the souls of the house of Jacob , which came into Egypt , were threescore and ten .
5 : 9 And they sung a new song , saying , Thou art worthy to take the book , and to open the seals thereof : for thou wast slain , and hast redeemed us to God by thy blood out of every kindred , and tongue , and people , and nation ; 5 : 10 And hast made us unto our God kings and priests : and we shall reign on the earth .
13 : 15 And Elisha said unto him , Take bow and arrows .
38 : 6 And Judah took a wife for Er his firstborn , whose name was Tamar .
10 : 13 Yet ye have forsaken me , and served other gods : wherefore I will deliver you no more .
30 : 6 And Rachel said , God hath judged me , and hath also heard my voice , and hath given me a son : therefore called she his name Dan .
31 : 22 Moses therefore wrote this song the same day , and taught it the children of Israel .
18 : 7 Therefore thou and thy sons with thee shall keep your priest ' s office for everything of the altar , and within the vail ; and ye shall serve : I have given your priest ' s office unto you as a service of gift : and the stranger that cometh nigh shall be put to death .
30 : 20 And David took all the flocks and the herds , which they drave before those other cattle , and said , This is David ' s spoil .
4 : 27 At the appointment of Aaron and his sons shall be all the service of the sons of the Gershonites , in all their burdens , and in all their service : and ye shall appoint unto them in charge all their burdens .
What shall we do to rouse them ?
' Lord !'
20 : 11 And when they had received it , they murmured against the goodman of the house , 20 : 12 Saying , These last have wrought but one hour , and thou hast made them equal unto us , which have borne the burden and heat of the day .
7 : 2 In the place where they kill the burnt offering shall they kill the trespass offering : and the blood thereof shall he sprinkle round about upon the altar .
1 : 5 Beloved , thou doest faithfully whatsoever thou doest to the brethren , and to strangers ; 1 : 6 Which have borne witness of thy charity before the church : whom if thou bring forward on their journey after a godly sort , thou shalt do well : 1 : 7 Because that for his name ' s sake they went forth , taking nothing of the Gentiles .
Selah .
2 : 27 And ye shall know that I am in the midst of Israel , and that I am the LORD your God , and none else : and my people shall never be ashamed .
10 : 36 And the time that Jehu reigned over Israel in Samaria was twenty and eight years .
asked Mr . Knightley .
16 : 4 And as for thy nativity , in the day thou wast born thy navel was not cut , neither wast thou washed in water to supple thee ; thou wast not salted at all , nor swaddled at all .
7 : 21 And I will give it into the hands of the strangers for a prey , and to the wicked of the earth for a spoil ; and they shall pollute it .
22 : 25 Now there were with us seven brethren : and the first , when he had married a wife , deceased , and , having no issue , left his wife unto his brother : 22 : 26 Likewise the second also , and the third , unto the seventh .
24 : 14 And this gospel of the kingdom shall be preached in all the world for a witness unto all nations ; and then shall the end come .
22 : 9 And they that were with me saw indeed the light , and were afraid ; but they heard not the voice of him that spake to me .
So he took his wings , and fled ; Then the morn blushed rosy red .
34 : 3 For the ear trieth words , as the mouth tasteth meat .
" The notions of a young man of one or two and twenty ," said he , " as to what is necessary in manners to make him quite the thing , are more absurd , I believe , than those of any other set of beings in the world .
When this was told , his name distressed her no longer .
4 : 34 And at the end of the days I Nebuchadnezzar lifted up mine eyes unto heaven , and mine understanding returned unto me , and I blessed the most High , and I praised and honoured him that liveth for ever , whose dominion is an everlasting dominion , and his kingdom is from generation to generation : 4 : 35 And all the inhabitants of the earth are reputed as nothing : and he doeth according to his will in the army of heaven , and among the inhabitants of the earth : and none can stay his hand , or say unto him , What doest thou ?
Jesus answered , Ye neither know me , nor my Father : if ye had known me , ye should have known my Father also .
7 : 26 The men of Bethlehem and Netophah , an hundred fourscore and eight .
9 : 16 And I looked , and , behold , ye had sinned against the LORD your God , and had made you a molten calf : ye had turned aside quickly out of the way which the LORD had commanded you .
It is very good advice , and it shall have a better fate than your advice has often found ; for it shall be attended to ."
How would it all be ?
And is she , at seventeen , just entering into life , just beginning to be known , to be wondered at because she does not accept the first offer she receives ?
6 : 27 Then Gideon took ten men of his servants , and did as the LORD had said unto him : and so it was , because he feared his father ' s household , and the men of the city , that he could not do it by day , that he did it by night .
23 : 37 O Jerusalem , Jerusalem , thou that killest the prophets , and stonest them which are sent unto thee , how often would I have gathered thy children together , even as a hen gathereth her chickens under her wings , and ye would not !
He insisted , moreover , on conveying all their letters to and from the post for them , and would not be denied the satisfaction of sending them his newspaper every day .
27 : 41 And Esau hated Jacob because of the blessing wherewith his father blessed him : and Esau said in his heart , The days of mourning for my father are at hand ; then will I slay my brother Jacob .
I have already met with such success in two applications for pardon , that I may be in danger of thinking myself too sure of yours , and of those among your friends who have had any ground of offence .-- You must all endeavour to comprehend the exact nature of my situation when I first arrived at Randalls ; you must consider me as having a secret which was to be kept at all hazards .
You must allow for an injured , angry woman .
A more reasonable cause might be found in the dependent situation which forbade the indulgence of his affection .
" In one respect , perhaps , Mr . Elton ' s manners are superior to Mr . Knightley ' s or Mr . Weston ' s .
Though I fully believe that , at present , you have not the smallest intention of accepting him , there is no saying what may happen .
22 : 28 For the kingdom is the LORD ' s : and he is the governor among the nations .
93 : 1 The LORD reigneth , he is clothed with majesty ; the LORD is clothed with strength , wherewith he hath girded himself : the world also is stablished , that it cannot be moved .
3 : 12 Yea , and all that will live godly in Christ Jesus shall suffer persecution .
40 : 4 And the captain of the guard charged Joseph with them , and he served them : and they continued a season in ward .
7 : 17 Now then it is no more I that do it , but sin that dwelleth in me .
29 : 21 And they brought seven bullocks , and seven rams , and seven lambs , and seven he goats , for a sin offering for the kingdom , and for the sanctuary , and for Judah .
22 : 9 Ye have seen also the breaches of the city of David , that they are many : and ye gathered together the waters of the lower pool .
22 : 64 And when they had blindfolded him , they struck him on the face , and asked him , saying , Prophesy , who is it that smote thee ?
Oh !
Only to Gay Street , or farther up the town ?"
4 : 7 I have fought a good fight , I have finished my course , I have kept the faith : 4 : 8 Henceforth there is laid up for me a crown of righteousness , which the Lord , the righteous judge , shall give me at that day : and not to me only , but unto all them also that love his appearing .
9 : 21 And he straitly charged them , and commanded them to tell no man that thing ; 9 : 22 Saying , The Son of man must suffer many things , and be rejected of the elders and chief priests and scribes , and be slain , and be raised the third day .
" Well , now you shall hear something that will surprise you .
29 : 25 And he set the Levites in the house of the LORD with cymbals , with psalteries , and with harps , according to the commandment of David , and of Gad the king ' s seer , and Nathan the prophet : for so was the commandment of the LORD by his prophets .
And they obeyed the words of the LORD , and returned from going against Jeroboam .
28 : 19 The topaz of Ethiopia shall not equal it , neither shall it be valued with pure gold .
6 : 4 Give not sleep to thine eyes , nor slumber to thine eyelids .
12 : 20 And there were certain Greeks among them that came up to worship at the feast : 12 : 21 The same came therefore to Philip , which was of Bethsaida of Galilee , and desired him , saying , Sir , we would see Jesus .
20 : 13 But he answered one of them , and said , Friend , I do thee no wrong : didst not thou agree with me for a penny ?
9 : 14 That I may shew forth all thy praise in the gates of the daughter of Zion : I will rejoice in thy salvation .
This , and the manner in which it was said , immediately brought back to her remembrance all the circumstances of his quitting that place , with the uneasiness and suspicions they had caused to Mrs . Jennings , and she was fearful that her question had implied much more curiosity on the subject than she had ever felt .
Mr . Knightley had been telling him something about brewing spruce - beer , and he wanted to put it down ; but when he took out his pencil , there was so little lead that he soon cut it all away , and it would not do , so you lent him another , and this was left upon the table as good for nothing .
She hardly knew yet what Mr . Knightley would ask ; but a very short parley with her own heart produced the most solemn resolution of never quitting her father .-- She even wept over the idea of it , as a sin of thought .
26 : 9 He holdeth back the face of his throne , and spreadeth his cloud upon it .
28 : 39 And thou shalt embroider the coat of fine linen , and thou shalt make the mitre of fine linen , and thou shalt make the girdle of needlework .
47 : 7 Now when I had returned , behold , at the bank of the river were very many trees on the one side and on the other .
8 : 8 So they read in the book in the law of God distinctly , and gave the sense , and caused them to understand the reading .
They met with the utmost friendliness .
11 : 1 And it came to pass , when Jabin king of Hazor had heard those things , that he sent to Jobab king of Madon , and to the king of Shimron , and to the king of Achshaph , 11 : 2 And to the kings that were on the north of the mountains , and of the plains south of Chinneroth , and in the valley , and in the borders of Dor on the west , 11 : 3 And to the Canaanite on the east and on the west , and to the Amorite , and the Hittite , and the Perizzite , and the Jebusite in the mountains , and to the Hivite under Hermon in the land of Mizpeh .
9 : 12 Then said they unto him , Where is he ?
45 : 15 Moreover he kissed all his brethren , and wept upon them : and after that his brethren talked with him .
" Well , as you are resolved to go , I wish you a good journey .
" No , I do not think we shall ."
47 : 5 God is gone up with a shout , the LORD with the sound of a trumpet .
I never saw such fine children in my life .-- I declare I quite doat upon them already , and indeed I am always distractedly fond of children ."
I must confess it is a recommendation to me .
16 : 2 Upon the first day of the week let every one of you lay by him in store , as God hath prospered him , that there be no gatherings when I come .
4 : 5 And some fell on stony ground , where it had not much earth ; and immediately it sprang up , because it had no depth of earth : 4 : 6 But when the sun was up , it was scorched ; and because it had no root , it withered away .
3 : 4 And it shall be , when he lieth down , that thou shalt mark the place where he shall lie , and thou shalt go in , and uncover his feet , and lay thee down ; and he will tell thee what thou shalt do .
And he went down from Judaea to Caesarea , and there abode .
5 : 28 The mother of Sisera looked out at a window , and cried through the lattice , Why is his chariot so long in coming ?
And Michal answered Saul , He said unto me , Let me go ; why should I kill thee ?
13 : 6 Yet Jeroboam the son of Nebat , the servant of Solomon the son of David , is risen up , and hath rebelled against his lord .
8 : 17 Then went Solomon to Eziongeber , and to Eloth , at the sea side in the land of Edom .
45 : 19 Now thou art commanded , this do ye ; take you wagons out of the land of Egypt for your little ones , and for your wives , and bring your father , and come .
16 : 5 And the lords of the Philistines came up unto her , and said unto her , Entice him , and see wherein his great strength lieth , and by what means we may prevail against him , that we may bind him to afflict him ; and we will give thee every one of us eleven hundred pieces of silver .
But then , is not it the same with many other professions , perhaps most other ?
Life could do nothing for her , beyond giving time for a better preparation for death ; and that was given .
And that I fancy , will be the end of it .
16 : 3 Thou shalt eat no leavened bread with it ; seven days shalt thou eat unleavened bread therewith , even the bread of affliction ; for thou camest forth out of the land of Egypt in haste : that thou mayest remember the day when thou camest forth out of the land of Egypt all the days of thy life .
3 : 19 And this is the condemnation , that light is come into the world , and men loved darkness rather than light , because their deeds were evil .
One morning , about a week after his leaving the country , Marianne was prevailed on to join her sisters in their usual walk , instead of wandering away by herself .
13 : 8 Jesus Christ the same yesterday , and to day , and for ever .
4 : 12 Brethren , I beseech you , be as I am ; for I am as ye are : ye have not injured me at all .
16 : 20 He that handleth a matter wisely shall find good : and whoso trusteth in the LORD , happy is he .
5 : 6 And when they had this done , they inclosed a great multitude of fishes : and their net brake .
Now the king spake and said unto Daniel , Thy God whom thou servest continually , he will deliver thee .
1 : 18 This charge I commit unto thee , son Timothy , according to the prophecies which went before on thee , that thou by them mightest war a good warfare ; 1 : 19 Holding faith , and a good conscience ; which some having put away concerning faith have made shipwreck : 1 : 20 Of whom is Hymenaeus and Alexander ; whom I have delivered unto Satan , that they may learn not to blaspheme .
11 : 14 The second woe is past ; and , behold , the third woe cometh quickly .
It was soon Uppercross with him almost every day .
Marianne looked again ; her heart sunk within her ; and abruptly turning round , she was hurrying back , when the voices of both her sisters were raised to detain her ; a third , almost as well known as Willoughby ' s , joined them in begging her to stop , and she turned round with surprise to see and welcome Edward Ferrars .
14 : 3 And their nobles have sent their little ones to the waters : they came to the pits , and found no water ; they returned with their vessels empty ; they were ashamed and confounded , and covered their heads .
9 : 6 And Moses said , This is the thing which the LORD commanded that ye should do : and the glory of the LORD shall appear unto you .
5 : 1 And it came to pass , that , as the people pressed upon him to hear the word of God , he stood by the lake of Gennesaret , 5 : 2 And saw two ships standing by the lake : but the fishermen were gone out of them , and were washing their nets .
If he were quite sincere , if he really tried to come , it was to be inferred that Mrs . Churchill ' s removal to London had been of no service to the wilful or nervous part of her disorder .
14 : 8 And after a time he returned to take her , and he turned aside to see the carcase of the lion : and , behold , there was a swarm of bees and honey in the carcase of the lion .
16 : 11 And Samuel said unto Jesse , Are here all thy children ?
3 : 15 But the gate of the fountain repaired Shallun the son of Colhozeh , the ruler of part of Mizpah ; he built it , and covered it , and set up the doors thereof , the locks thereof , and the bars thereof , and the wall of the pool of Siloah by the king ' s garden , and unto the stairs that go down from the city of David .
Time passed on .
25 : 19 Confidence in an unfaithful man in time of trouble is like a broken tooth , and a foot out of joint .
Lucy is monstrous pretty , and so good humoured and agreeable !
16 : 35 And there came out a fire from the LORD , and consumed the two hundred and fifty men that offered incense .
because he humbleth himself before me , I will not bring the evil in his days : but in his son ' s days will I bring the evil upon his house .
16 : 8 But I will tarry at Ephesus until Pentecost .
" And his manners , the Colonel ' s manners are not only more pleasing to me than Willoughby ' s ever were , but they are of a kind I well know to be more solidly attaching to Marianne .
I am afraid you must have had a shocking walk ."
" A man ," said he , " must have a very good opinion of himself when he asks people to leave their own fireside , and encounter such a day as this , for the sake of coming to see him .
3 : 6 Who is this that cometh out of the wilderness like pillars of smoke , perfumed with myrrh and frankincense , with all powders of the merchant ?
Their attention was called towards the others .
10 : 42 And he commanded us to preach unto the people , and to testify that it is he which was ordained of God to be the Judge of quick and dead .
41 : 33 Now therefore let Pharaoh look out a man discreet and wise , and set him over the land of Egypt .
" Upon my word ," said she , " I should not have supposed that my opinion of any one could have admitted of such difference of conjecture , steady and matter of fact as I may call myself .
And he said to his disciples , Make them sit down by fifties in a company .
8 : 20 Behold , God will not cast away a perfect man , neither will he help the evil doers : 8 : 21 Till he fill thy mouth with laughing , and thy lips with rejoicing .
30 : 15 And I will pour my fury upon Sin , the strength of Egypt ; and I will cut off the multitude of No .
13 : 17 And it came to pass , when Pharaoh had let the people go , that God led them not through the way of the land of the Philistines , although that was near ; for God said , Lest peradventure the people repent when they see war , and they return to Egypt : 13 : 18 But God led the people about , through the way of the wilderness of the Red sea : and the children of Israel went up harnessed out of the land of Egypt .
1 : 54 And the children of Israel did according to all that the LORD commanded Moses , so did they .
" Four years !"
" That he is patronised by YOU ," replied Willoughby , " is certainly in his favour ; but as for the esteem of the others , it is a reproach in itself .
" I shall never be easy till I have seen some of these places .
And they said , Let us rise up and build .
11 : 9 And Joel the son of Zichri was their overseer : and Judah the son of Senuah was second over the city .
33 : 20 And of Gad he said , Blessed be he that enlargeth Gad : he dwelleth as a lion , and teareth the arm with the crown of the head .
Now , as her objection was nothing but her very great dislike of Mrs . Elton , of which Mr . Weston must already be perfectly aware , it was not worth bringing forward again :-- it could not be done without a reproof to him , which would be giving pain to his wife ; and she found herself therefore obliged to consent to an arrangement which she would have done a great deal to avoid ; an arrangement which would probably expose her even to the degradation of being said to be of Mrs . Elton ' s party !
" You talk a great deal of the length of this passage , my dear .
5 : 3 And by reason hereof he ought , as for the people , so also for himself , to offer for sins .
36 : 14 And these were the sons of Aholibamah , the daughter of Anah the daughter of Zibeon , Esau ' s wife : and she bare to Esau Jeush , and Jaalam , and Korah .
He will rally again , and be happy with another ."
28 : 58 If thou wilt not observe to do all the words of this law that are written in this book , that thou mayest fear this glorious and fearful name , THE LORD THY GOD ; 28 : 59 Then the LORD will make thy plagues wonderful , and the plagues of thy seed , even great plagues , and of long continuance , and sore sicknesses , and of long continuance .
Oh !
25 : 4 And the LORD said unto Moses , Take all the heads of the people , and hang them up before the LORD against the sun , that the fierce anger of the LORD may be turned away from Israel .
36 : 7 For their riches were more than that they might dwell together ; and the land wherein they were strangers could not bear them because of their cattle .
Will not it be a good plan ?
1 : 11 He came unto his own , and his own received him not .
And Er , the firstborn of Judah , was evil in the sight of the LORD ; and he slew him .
He had a great regard for Mrs . Goddard ; and Emma should write a line , and invite her .
what is it which these witness against thee ?
24 : 9 And the Jews also assented , saying that these things were so .
no ; there would be a Mrs . Knightley to throw cold water on every thing .-- Extremely disagreeable !
They were too much like joy , senseless joy !
She did most heartily grieve over the idleness of her childhood -- and sat down and practised vigorously an hour and a half .
15 : 15 And he went and joined himself to a citizen of that country ; and he sent him into his fields to feed swine .
2 : 4 And when they could not come nigh unto him for the press , they uncovered the roof where he was : and when they had broken it up , they let down the bed wherein the sick of the palsy lay .
19 : 10 And thou shalt not glean thy vineyard , neither shalt thou gather every grape of thy vineyard ; thou shalt leave them for the poor and stranger : I am the LORD your God .
Now the body is not for fornication , but for the Lord ; and the Lord for the body .
84 : 12 O LORD of hosts , blessed is the man that trusteth in thee .
19 : 13 The princes of Zoan are become fools , the princes of Noph are deceived ; they have also seduced Egypt , even they that are the stay of the tribes thereof .
50 : 31 Behold , I am against thee , O thou most proud , saith the Lord GOD of hosts : for thy day is come , the time that I will visit thee .
" And that you are very likely to do very soon , I can tell you , ma ' am ," said Charles .
Never better .-- Don ' t I hear another carriage ?-- Who can this be ?-- very likely the worthy Coles .-- Upon my word , this is charming to be standing about among such friends !
8 : 39 And the sons of Eshek his brother were , Ulam his firstborn , Jehush the second , and Eliphelet the third .
" I shall never see her , if she goes by London ."
3 : 2 She obeyed not the voice ; she received not correction ; she trusted not in the LORD ; she drew not near to her God .
Ah !
Some minutes passed in this unpleasant silence , with only one attempt on Emma ' s side to talk of the weather , but he made no answer .
21 : 10 Wherefore she said unto Abraham , Cast out this bondwoman and her son : for the son of this bondwoman shall not be heir with my son , even with Isaac .
Arise , my love , my fair one , and come away .
" Cautious , very cautious ," thought Emma ; " he advances inch by inch , and will hazard nothing till he believes himself secure ."
11 : 27 And there ran a young man , and told Moses , and said , Eldad and Medad do prophesy in the camp .
13 : 9 Then Saul , ( who also is called Paul ,) filled with the Holy Ghost , set his eyes on him .
8 : 15 And he came unto the men of Succoth , and said , Behold Zebah and Zalmunna , with whom ye did upbraid me , saying , Are the hands of Zebah and Zalmunna now in thine hand , that we should give bread unto thy men that are weary ?
Mr . Weston had been so very earnest in his entreaties for her arriving there as soon as possible after themselves , for the purpose of taking her opinion as to the propriety and comfort of the rooms before any other persons came , that she could not refuse him , and must therefore spend some quiet interval in the young man ' s company .
I could rather believe every creature of my acquaintance leagued together to ruin me in his opinion , than believe his nature capable of such cruelty .
9 : 20 If I justify myself , mine own mouth shall condemn me : if I say , I am perfect , it shall also prove me perverse .
The word was _blunder_ ; and as Harriet exultingly proclaimed it , there was a blush on Jane ' s cheek which gave it a meaning not otherwise ostensible .
Why does not Perry see her ?"
17 : 7 And Jesus came and touched them , and said , Arise , and be not afraid .
26 : 13 And the man waxed great , and went forward , and grew until he became very great : 26 : 14 For he had possession of flocks , and possession of herds , and great store of servants : and the Philistines envied him .
16 : 5 The LORD is the portion of mine inheritance and of my cup : thou maintainest my lot .
1 : 24 And they glorified God in me .
Of pride , indeed , there was , perhaps , scarcely enough ; his indifference to a confusion of rank , bordered too much on inelegance of mind .
26 : 39 And he went a little farther , and fell on his face , and prayed , saying , O my Father , if it be possible , let this cup pass from me : nevertheless not as I will , but as thou wilt .
36 : 3 I will fetch my knowledge from afar , and will ascribe righteousness to my Maker .
His attendance was by this means secured , and the rest followed in course .
" But I ," he soon added , " who have had no such charm thrown over my senses , must still see , hear , and remember .
14 : 15 For the LORD shall smite Israel , as a reed is shaken in the water , and he shall root up Israel out of this good land , which he gave to their fathers , and shall scatter them beyond the river , because they have made their groves , provoking the LORD to anger .
Does he know that I am in Bath ?"
13 : 27 Shall we then hearken unto you to do all this great evil , to transgress against our God in marrying strange wives ?
14 : 23 In all labour there is profit : but the talk of the lips tendeth only to penury .
" It comes to the same thing .
18 : 3 Then Jonathan and David made a covenant , because he loved him as his own soul .
26 : 6 I will wash mine hands in innocency : so will I compass thine altar , O LORD :
68 : 9 Thou , O God , didst send a plentiful rain , whereby thou didst confirm thine inheritance , when it was weary .
18 : 37 Pilate therefore said unto him , Art thou a king then ?
So the king of Israel disguised himself ; and they went to the battle .
1 : 14 And they lifted up their voice , and wept again : and Orpah kissed her mother in law ; but Ruth clave unto her .
One half of the world cannot understand the pleasures of the other ."
14 : 17 And the fame of David went out into all lands ; and the LORD brought the fear of him upon all nations .
6 : 9 And thou shalt write them upon the posts of thy house , and on thy gates .
16 : 10 Then Asa was wroth with the seer , and put him in a prison house ; for he was in a rage with him because of this thing .
15 : 24 And Saul said unto Samuel , I have sinned : for I have transgressed the commandment of the LORD , and thy words : because I feared the people , and obeyed their voice .
13 : 6 All the inhabitants of the hill country from Lebanon unto Misrephothmaim , and all the Sidonians , them will I drive out from before the children of Israel : only divide thou it by lot unto the Israelites for an inheritance , as I have commanded thee .
Why a Tongue impress ' d with honey from every wind ?
11 : 2 And Nahash the Ammonite answered them , On this condition will I make a covenant with you , that I may thrust out all your right eyes , and lay it for a reproach upon all Israel .
12 : 15 The way of a fool is right in his own eyes : but he that hearkeneth unto counsel is wise .
13 : 11 For as the girdle cleaveth to the loins of a man , so have I caused to cleave unto me the whole house of Israel and the whole house of Judah , saith the LORD ; that they might be unto me for a people , and for a name , and for a praise , and for a glory : but they would not hear .
5 : 23 For thou shalt be in league with the stones of the field : and the beasts of the field shall be at peace with thee .
15 : 34 Notwithstanding it pleased Silas to abide there still .
-- Ford ' s was the principal woollen - draper , linen - draper , and haberdasher ' s shop united ; the shop first in size and fashion in the place .--" And so , there she had set , without an idea of any thing in the world , full ten minutes , perhaps -- when , all of a sudden , who should come in -- to be sure it was so very odd !-- but they always dealt at Ford ' s -- who should come in , but Elizabeth Martin and her brother !-- Dear Miss Woodhouse !
As she spoke , she felt that Captain Wentworth was looking at her , the consciousness of which vexed and embarrassed her , and made her regret that she had said so much , simple as it was .
or would God we had died in this wilderness !
So Pharaoh awoke .
27 : 5 And there shalt thou build an altar unto the LORD thy God , an altar of stones : thou shalt not lift up any iron tool upon them .
CHAPTER 36
20 : 19 Because he hath oppressed and hath forsaken the poor ; because he hath violently taken away an house which he builded not ; 20 : 20 Surely he shall not feel quietness in his belly , he shall not save of that which he desired .
18 : 27 Then the lord of that servant was moved with compassion , and loosed him , and forgave him the debt .
And now , after only ten minutes notice -- Gone too without intending to return !-- Something more than what be owned to us must have happened .
6 : 2 My beloved is gone down into his garden , to the beds of spices , to feed in the gardens , and to gather lilies .
poor Harriet !"
9 : 31 And as Jehu entered in at the gate , she said , Had Zimri peace , who slew his master ?
3 : 17 And she said , These six measures of barley gave he me ; for he said to me , Go not empty unto thy mother in law .
37 : 14 The wicked have drawn out the sword , and have bent their bow , to cast down the poor and needy , and to slay such as be of upright conversation .
91 : 8 Only with thine eyes shalt thou behold and see the reward of the wicked .
Every qualification is raised at times , by the circumstances of the moment , to more than its real value ; and she was sometimes worried down by officious condolence to rate good - breeding as more indispensable to comfort than good - nature .
1 : 7 And when he looked behind him , he saw me , and called unto me .
It was a gentleman ' s carriage , a curricle , but only coming round from the stable - yard to the front door ; somebody must be going away .
But as he went the people thronged him .
20 : 31 And the multitude rebuked them , because they should hold their peace : but they cried the more , saying , Have mercy on us , O Lord , thou son of David .
If Mr . and Mrs . Weston will be so obliging as to call here one morning , we may talk it over , and see what can be done ."
10 : 24 Of the singers also ; Eliashib : and of the porters ; Shallum , and Telem , and Uri .
They walked together .
He had nestled down his head most conveniently .
6 : 7 And the bay went forth , and sought to go that they might walk to and fro through the earth : and he said , Get you hence , walk to and fro through the earth .
105 : 41 He opened the rock , and the waters gushed out ; they ran in the dry places like a river .
15 : 2 Three years reigned he in Jerusalem .
36 : 17 And these are the sons of Reuel Esau ' s son ; duke Nahath , duke Zerah , duke Shammah , duke Mizzah : these are the dukes that came of Reuel in the land of Edom ; these are the sons of Bashemath Esau ' s wife .
41 : 35 And let them gather all the food of those good years that come , and lay up corn under the hand of Pharaoh , and let them keep food in the cities .
10 : 41 And many resorted unto him , and said , John did no miracle : but all things that John spake of this man were true .
She was pleased , on taking leave , to find Miss Fairfax determined to attend her out of the room , to go with her even downstairs ; it gave her an opportunity which she immediately made use of , to say ,
lest peradventure I see the evil that shall come on my father .
will ye contend for God ?
3 : 15 Also he made before the house two pillars of thirty and five cubits high , and the chapiter that was on the top of each of them was five cubits .
6 : 15 And all that sat in the council , looking stedfastly on him , saw his face as it had been the face of an angel .
20 : 18 But I said unto their children in the wilderness , Walk ye not in the statutes of your fathers , neither observe their judgments , nor defile yourselves with their idols : 20 : 19 I am the LORD your God ; walk in my statutes , and keep my judgments , and do them ; 20 : 20 And hallow my sabbaths ; and they shall be a sign between me and you , that ye may know that I am the LORD your God .
32 : 20 Blessed are ye that sow beside all waters , that send forth thither the feet of the ox and the ass .
At this moment , an ingenious and animating suspicion entering Emma ' s brain with regard to Jane Fairfax , this charming Mr . Dixon , and the not going to Ireland , she said , with the insidious design of farther discovery ,
Harriet would be loved as one to whom she could be useful .
137 : 3 For there they that carried us away captive required of us a song ; and they that wasted us required of us mirth , saying , Sing us one of the songs of Zion .
And they spoiled the Egyptians .
You only mean , that he intends it ."
First , as being the means of bringing persons of obscure birth into undue distinction , and raising men to honours which their fathers and grandfathers never dreamt of ; and secondly , as it cuts up a man ' s youth and vigour most horribly ; a sailor grows old sooner than any other man .
37 : 5 And Joseph dreamed a dream , and he told it his brethren : and they hated him yet the more .
13 : 28 He said unto them , An enemy hath done this .
" No ,"-- he calmly replied ,--" there is but one married woman in the world whom I can ever allow to invite what guests she pleases to Donwell , and that one is --"
11 : 17 By faith Abraham , when he was tried , offered up Isaac : and he that had received the promises offered up his only begotten son , 11 : 18 Of whom it was said , That in Isaac shall thy seed be called : 11 : 19 Accounting that God was able to raise him up , even from the dead ; from whence also he received him in a figure .
30 : 18 By the great force of my disease is my garment changed : it bindeth me about as the collar of my coat .
12 : 15 And he said unto them , Take heed , and beware of covetousness : for a man ' s life consisteth not in the abundance of the things which he possesseth .
4 : 1 Therefore seeing we have this ministry , as we have received mercy , we faint not ; 4 : 2 But have renounced the hidden things of dishonesty , not walking in craftiness , nor handling the word of God deceitfully ; but by manifestation of the truth commending ourselves to every man ' s conscience in the sight of God .
It was our darling wish that you might be attached to each other -- and we were persuaded that it was so .-- Imagine what we have been feeling on your account ."
11 : 40 Jesus saith unto her , Said I not unto thee , that , if thou wouldest believe , thou shouldest see the glory of God ?
20 : 25 It is drawn , and cometh out of the body ; yea , the glittering sword cometh out of his gall : terrors are upon him .
28 : 17 And in the fifteenth day of this month is the feast : seven days shall unleavened bread be eaten .
2 : 17 And Abigail bare Amasa : and the father of Amasa was Jether the Ishmeelite .
" And because I am happy and dance and sing , They think they have done me no injury , And are gone to praise God and his priest and king , Who make up a heaven of our misery ."
" Ha !
41 : 1 Blessed is he that considereth the poor : the LORD will deliver him in time of trouble .
" Are you certain that no servant , no porter has left any letter or note ?"
16 : 26 And beside all this , between us and you there is a great gulf fixed : so that they which would pass from hence to you cannot ; neither can they pass to us , that would come from thence .
Leave little Charles to my care .
24 : 19 And the people said unto me , Wilt thou not tell us what these things are to us , that thou doest so ?
He did really look and speak as if in a state of no common enjoyment .
I went for only one night , and could not get away till that very day se ' nnight ."
It had been a very happy fortnight , and forlorn must be the sinking from it into the common course of Hartfield days .
1 : 5 Then the mariners were afraid , and cried every man unto his god , and cast forth the wares that were in the ship into the sea , to lighten it of them .
1 : 3 We give thanks to God and the Father of our Lord Jesus Christ , praying always for you , 1 : 4 Since we heard of your faith in Christ Jesus , and of the love which ye have to all the saints , 1 : 5 For the hope which is laid up for you in heaven , whereof ye heard before in the word of the truth of the gospel ; 1 : 6 Which is come unto you , as it is in all the world ; and bringeth forth fruit , as it doth also in you , since the day ye heard of it , and knew the grace of God in truth : 1 : 7 As ye also learned of Epaphras our dear fellowservant , who is for you a faithful minister of Christ ; 1 : 8 Who also declared unto us your love in the Spirit .
49 : 14 Like sheep they are laid in the grave ; death shall feed on them ; and the upright shall have dominion over them in the morning ; and their beauty shall consume in the grave from their dwelling .
17 : 23 And Elijah took the child , and brought him down out of the chamber into the house , and delivered him unto his mother : and Elijah said , See , thy son liveth .
" She will be more hurt by it , for Robert always was her favourite .-- She will be more hurt by it , and on the same principle will forgive him much sooner ."
Weston was alone in the drawing - room :-- but hardly had they been told of the baby , and Mr . Woodhouse received the thanks for coming , which he asked for , when a glimpse was caught through the blind , of two figures passing near the window .
I shall speak to Mr . E . The man who fetches our letters every morning ( one of our men , I forget his name ) shall inquire for yours too and bring them to you .
only think .
" February 1st .
7 : 23 Thus he said , The fourth beast shall be the fourth kingdom upon earth , which shall be diverse from all kingdoms , and shall devour the whole earth , and shall tread it down , and break it in pieces .
18 : 7 And Abraham ran unto the herd , and fetcht a calf tender and good , and gave it unto a young man ; and he hasted to dress it .
33 : 7 And they removed from Etham , and turned again unto Pihahiroth , which is before Baalzephon : and they pitched before Migdol .
14 : 51 And Kish was the father of Saul ; and Ner the father of Abner was the son of Abiel .
when thou shalt cease to spoil , thou shalt be spoiled ; and when thou shalt make an end to deal treacherously , they shall deal treacherously with thee .
She was always quick and assured : Isabella slow and diffident .
" What does all that signify ?
4 : 3 For thus saith the LORD to the men of Judah and Jerusalem , Break up your fallow ground , and sow not among thorns .
23 : 19 The first of the firstfruits of thy land thou shalt bring into the house of the LORD thy God .
There was so much of friendliness , and of flattery , and of everything most bewitching in his reception there ; the old were so hospitable , the young so agreeable , that he could not but resolve to remain where he was , and take all the charms and perfections of Edward ' s wife upon credit a little longer .
But I must object to your dooming Colonel Brandon and his wife to the constant confinement of a sick chamber , merely because he chanced to complain yesterday ( a very cold damp day ) of a slight rheumatic feel in one of his shoulders ."
29 : 22 An angry man stirreth up strife , and a furious man aboundeth in transgression .
5 : 22 At destruction and famine thou shalt laugh : neither shalt thou be afraid of the beasts of the earth .
85 : 13 Righteousness shall go before him ; and shall set us in the way of his steps .
Yes , indeed , oh yes !
8 : 14 There is a vanity which is done upon the earth ; that there be just men , unto whom it happeneth according to the work of the wicked ; again , there be wicked men , to whom it happeneth according to the work of the righteous : I said that this also is vanity .
And she said , Nay , my lord , thou man of God , do not lie unto thine handmaid .
34 : 4 And all the host of heaven shall be dissolved , and the heavens shall be rolled together as a scroll : and all their host shall fall down , as the leaf falleth off from the vine , and as a falling fig from the fig tree .
1 : 18 And the house of Jacob shall be a fire , and the house of Joseph a flame , and the house of Esau for stubble , and they shall kindle in them , and devour them ; and there shall not be any remaining of the house of Esau ; for the LORD hath spoken it .
5 : 3 Thou shalt also take thereof a few in number , and bind them in thy skirts .
Nobody had any information to give ; and , after a few more wonderings , Emma said ,
And Isaac said unto him , Because I said , Lest I die for her .
Believe me , sir , I am far , very far , from gratified in being the object of such professions ."
17 : 2 A wise servant shall have rule over a son that causeth shame , and shall have part of the inheritance among the brethren .
he will make an utter end : affliction shall not rise up the second time .
5 : 5 Therefore neither the priests of Dagon , nor any that come into Dagon ' s house , tread on the threshold of Dagon in Ashdod unto this day .
23 : 12 The sons of Kohath ; Amram , Izhar , Hebron , and Uzziel , four .
14 : 24 And after they had passed throughout Pisidia , they came to Pamphylia .
" Good God !"
The pity of such a woman as Lady Middleton !
2 : 10 And whatsoever mine eyes desired I kept not from them , I withheld not my heart from any joy ; for my heart rejoiced in all my labour : and this was my portion of all my labour .
" Yes ."
14 : 4 These are the beasts which ye shall eat : the ox , the sheep , and the goat , 14 : 5 The hart , and the roebuck , and the fallow deer , and the wild goat , and the pygarg , and the wild ox , and the chamois .
7 : 15 All things have I seen in the days of my vanity : there is a just man that perisheth in his righteousness , and there is a wicked man that prolongeth his life in his wickedness .
1 : 1 The book of the generation of Jesus Christ , the son of David , the son of Abraham .
" I am heartily glad of it ," he cried .
23 : 6 Thou shalt not wrest the judgment of thy poor in his cause .
38 : 5 Then Zedekiah the king said , Behold , he is in your hand : for the king is not he that can do any thing against you .
10 : 14 Wherefore , my dearly beloved , flee from idolatry .
13 : 11 And Samuel said , What hast thou done ?
1 : 9 Now , O LORD God , let thy promise unto David my father be established : for thou hast made me king over a people like the dust of the earth in multitude .
She is nothing to me , compared with you ;" and she was in full time to hear her father say , " My dear madam , this must not be .
18 : 33 And the king was much moved , and went up to the chamber over the gate , and wept : and as he went , thus he said , O my son Absalom , my son , my son Absalom !
16 : 10 Now if Timotheus come , see that he may be with you without fear : for he worketh the work of the Lord , as I also do .
However , at any rate , as I have a great deal more at stake on this point than anybody else can have , I think it rather unnecessary in you to be advising me ."
68 : 11 The Lord gave the word : great was the company of those that published it .
" I had no more discoveries to make than you would have as to the fashion and strength of any old pelisse , which you had seen lent about among half your acquaintance ever since you could remember , and which at last , on some very wet day , is lent to yourself .
34 : 1 The word which came unto Jeremiah from the LORD , when Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon , and all his army , and all the kingdoms of the earth of his dominion , and all the people , fought against Jerusalem , and against all the cities thereof , saying , 34 : 2 Thus saith the LORD , the God of Israel ; Go and speak to Zedekiah king of Judah , and tell him , Thus saith the LORD ; Behold , I will give this city into the hand of the king of Babylon , and he shall burn it with fire : 34 : 3 And thou shalt not escape out of his hand , but shalt surely be taken , and delivered into his hand ; and thine eyes shall behold the eyes of the king of Babylon , and he shall speak with thee mouth to mouth , and thou shalt go to Babylon .
As to myself , I am very sorry that you should have been giving way to any feelings -- Nothing could be farther from my wishes -- your attachment to my friend Harriet -- your pursuit of her , ( pursuit , it appeared ,) gave me great pleasure , and I have been very earnestly wishing you success : but had I supposed that she were not your attraction to Hartfield , I should certainly have thought you judged ill in making your visits so frequent .
When she could let her attention take its natural course again , she found the Miss Musgroves just fetching the Navy List ( their own navy list , the first that had ever been at Uppercross ), and sitting down together to pore over it , with the professed view of finding out the ships that Captain Wentworth had commanded .
CHAPTER 41
12 : 1 The word of the LORD also came unto me , saying , 12 : 2 Son of man , thou dwellest in the midst of a rebellious house , which have eyes to see , and see not ; they have ears to hear , and hear not : for they are a rebellious house .
26 : 6 Now when Jesus was in Bethany , in the house of Simon the leper , 26 : 7 There came unto him a woman having an alabaster box of very precious ointment , and poured it on his head , as he sat at meat .
And they said unto him , Put forth thy riddle , that we may hear it .
And in this style he talked on for some time very properly , not much attending to any answer , but altogether sufficiently awake to the terror of a bad sore throat ; and Emma was quite in charity with him .
20 : 35 And after this did Jehoshaphat king of Judah join himself with Ahaziah king of Israel , who did very wickedly : 20 : 36 And he joined himself with him to make ships to go to Tarshish : and they made the ships in Eziongaber .
1 : 6 And whether we be afflicted , it is for your consolation and salvation , which is effectual in the enduring of the same sufferings which we also suffer : or whether we be comforted , it is for your consolation and salvation .
2 : 31 All they that were numbered in the camp of Dan were an hundred thousand and fifty and seven thousand and six hundred .
10 : 6 And the men of Gibeon sent unto Joshua to the camp to Gilgal , saying , Slack not thy hand from thy servants ; come up to us quickly , and save us , and help us : for all the kings of the Amorites that dwell in the mountains are gathered together against us .
19 : 26 And he answered , My lord , O king , my servant deceived me : for thy servant said , I will saddle me an ass , that I may ride thereon , and go to the king ; because thy servant is lame .
6 : 26 Do ye imagine to reprove words , and the speeches of one that is desperate , which are as wind ?
1 : 21 Having confidence in thy obedience I wrote unto thee , knowing that thou wilt also do more than I say .
I am sure Mr . Elton will lose no time in calling on him ; and we shall both have great pleasure in seeing him at the Vicarage ."
66 : 14 Which my lips have uttered , and my mouth hath spoken , when I was in trouble .
28 : 3 Now Samuel was dead , and all Israel had lamented him , and buried him in Ramah , even in his own city .
He is not at all a well - bred young man .
As it was , I was only betrayed into paying a most unreasonable visit .
What am I to do ?"
" You are very kind , but I know what my manners were to you .-- So cold and artificial !-- I had always a part to act .-- It was a life of deceit !-- I know that I must have disgusted you ."
You like news -- and I heard an article in my way hither that I think will interest you ."
The decree is issued by somebody .
" Why will not you write one yourself for us , Mr .
A sudden freak seemed to have seized him at breakfast , and he had sent for a chaise and set off , intending to return to dinner , but with no more important view that appeared than having his hair cut .
It is not that I am without the wish ; but you know how impossible my father would deem it that James should put - to for such a purpose ."
These are the motives which I have been pressing on you .
13 : 18 The flesh also , in which , even in the skin thereof , was a boil , and is healed , 13 : 19 And in the place of the boil there be a white rising , or a bright spot , white , and somewhat reddish , and it be shewed to the priest ; 13 : 20 And if , when the priest seeth it , behold , it be in sight lower than the skin , and the hair thereof be turned white ; the priest shall pronounce him unclean : it is a plague of leprosy broken out of the boil .
7 : 12 And there was much murmuring among the people concerning him : for some said , He is a good man : others said , Nay ; but he deceiveth the people .
23 : 21 And Saul said , Blessed be ye of the LORD ; for ye have compassion on me .
27 : 27 Then the soldiers of the governor took Jesus into the common hall , and gathered unto him the whole band of soldiers .
but as his part is that goeth down to the battle , so shall his part be that tarrieth by the stuff : they shall part alike .
I said to my mother , ` Upon my word , ma ' am --.'
Their being her relations too made it so much the worse ; and Mrs . Jennings ' s attempts at consolation were therefore unfortunately founded , when she advised her daughter not to care about their being so fashionable ; because they were all cousins and must put up with one another .
32 : 6 Do ye thus requite the LORD , O foolish people and unwise ?
27 : 36 The merchants among the people shall hiss at thee ; thou shalt be a terror , and never shalt be any more .
14 : 15 And the name of Hebron before was Kirjatharba ; which Arba was a great man among the Anakims .
The party , like other musical parties , comprehended a great many people who had real taste for the performance , and a great many more who had none at all ; and the performers themselves were , as usual , in their own estimation , and that of their immediate friends , the first private performers in England .
2 : 12 And immediately he arose , took up the bed , and went forth before them all ; insomuch that they were all amazed , and glorified God , saying , We never saw it on this fashion .
22 : 13 And the messenger that was gone to call Micaiah spake unto him , saying , Behold now , the words of the prophets declare good unto the king with one mouth : let thy word , I pray thee , be like the word of one of them , and speak that which is good .
Whatever they may have been , however , she may now , and hereafter doubtless WILL turn with gratitude towards her own condition , when she compares it with that of my poor Eliza , when she considers the wretched and hopeless situation of this poor girl , and pictures her to herself , with an affection for him so strong , still as strong as her own , and with a mind tormented by self - reproach , which must attend her through life .
He had , in fact , been wholly unsuspicious of his own influence .
8 : 13 So are the paths of all that forget God ; and the hypocrite ' s hope shall perish : 8 : 14 Whose hope shall be cut off , and whose trust shall be a spider ' s web .
For a little while Emma persevered in her silence ; but beginning to apprehend the bewitching flattery of that letter might be too powerful , she thought it best to say ,
22 : 57 And he denied him , saying , Woman , I know him not .
11 : 23 And thou , Capernaum , which art exalted unto heaven , shalt be brought down to hell : for if the mighty works , which have been done in thee , had been done in Sodom , it would have remained until this day .
The older a person grows , Harriet , the more important it is that their manners should not be bad ; the more glaring and disgusting any loudness , or coarseness , or awkwardness becomes .
25 : 29 And Jacob sod pottage : and Esau came from the field , and he was faint : 25 : 30 And Esau said to Jacob , Feed me , I pray thee , with that same red pottage ; for I am faint : therefore was his name called Edom .
and thy judges of whom thou saidst , Give me a king and princes ?
I could wish the stairs were handsome .
29 : 27 And the time that he reigned over Israel was forty years ; seven years reigned he in Hebron , and thirty and three years reigned he in Jerusalem .
Well , poor thing !
" Oh !
5 : 4 And he shall stand and feed in the strength of the LORD , in the majesty of the name of the LORD his God ; and they shall abide : for now shall he be great unto the ends of the earth .
5 : 22 Wives , submit yourselves unto your own husbands , as unto the Lord .
5 : 1 And I saw in the right hand of him that sat on the throne a book written within and on the backside , sealed with seven seals .
Finis
In half a minute they were in the room .
13 : 33 Take ye heed , watch and pray : for ye know not when the time is .
20 : 13 If a man also lie with mankind , as he lieth with a woman , both of them have committed an abomination : they shall surely be put to death ; their blood shall be upon them .
74 : 1 O God , why hast thou cast us off for ever ?
10 : 42 But Jesus called them to him , and saith unto them , Ye know that they which are accounted to rule over the Gentiles exercise lordship over them ; and their great ones exercise authority upon them .
22 : 11 He that loveth pureness of heart , for the grace of his lips the king shall be his friend .
75 : 2 When I shall receive the congregation I will judge uprightly .
11 : 20 And the residue of Israel , of the priests , and the Levites , were in all the cities of Judah , every one in his inheritance .
27 : 24 For riches are not for ever : and doth the crown endure to every generation ?
8 : 12 But the children of the kingdom shall be cast out into outer darkness : there shall be weeping and gnashing of teeth .
12 : 6 And one said to the man clothed in linen , which was upon the waters of the river , How long shall it be to the end of these wonders ?
Knightley .'
9 : 6 Or I only and Barnabas , have not we power to forbear working ?
4 : 3 And he that sat was to look upon like a jasper and a sardine stone : and there was a rainbow round about the throne , in sight like unto an emerald .
She then took another line of expediency , and looking into the doubtful room , observed ,
These were born to David in Hebron .
10 : 12 Then said he unto me , Fear not , Daniel : for from the first day that thou didst set thine heart to understand , and to chasten thyself before thy God , thy words were heard , and I am come for thy words .
6 : 21 And the sons of Izhar ; Korah , and Nepheg , and Zichri .
34 : 23 And I will set up one shepherd over them , and he shall feed them , even my servant David ; he shall feed them , and he shall be their shepherd .
I am always well , you know .
" Oh !
29 : 10 The nobles held their peace , and their tongue cleaved to the roof of their mouth .
38 : 7 And Er , Judah ' s firstborn , was wicked in the sight of the LORD ; and the LORD slew him .
This peace will be turning all our rich naval officers ashore .
13 : 5 And the Philistines gathered themselves together to fight with Israel , thirty thousand chariots , and six thousand horsemen , and people as the sand which is on the sea shore in multitude : and they came up , and pitched in Michmash , eastward from Bethaven .
15 : 42 And now when the even was come , because it was the preparation , that is , the day before the sabbath , 15 : 43 Joseph of Arimathaea , an honourable counsellor , which also waited for the kingdom of God , came , and went in boldly unto Pilate , and craved the body of Jesus .
We are always meeting with some old friend or other ; the streets full of them every morning ; sure to have plenty of chat ; and then we get away from them all , and shut ourselves in our lodgings , and draw in our chairs , and are snug as if we were at Kellynch , ay , or as we used to be even at North Yarmouth and Deal .
Somebody said that _Miss_ Gilbert was expected at her brother ' s , and must be invited with the rest .
If I find him conversable , I shall be glad of his acquaintance ; but if he is only a chattering coxcomb , he will not occupy much of my time or thoughts ."
" No , Edward , I should have something else to do with it ."
Her happiness was from within .
16 : 18 And when they did mete it with an omer , he that gathered much had nothing over , and he that gathered little had no lack ; they gathered every man according to his eating .
6 : 16 For the statutes of Omri are kept , and all the works of the house of Ahab , and ye walk in their counsels ; that I should make thee a desolation , and the inhabitants thereof an hissing : therefore ye shall bear the reproach of my people .
They are not at all nice children , in my opinion ; but Mrs Musgrove seems to like them quite as well , if not better , than her grandchildren .
" But have you really heard of nothing ?"
10 : 21 When he had caused the tribe of Benjamin to come near by their families , the family of Matri was taken , and Saul the son of Kish was taken : and when they sought him , he could not be found .
Behold , in the day of your fast ye find pleasure , and exact all your labours .
Selah .
It was there our acquaintance begun , for my sister and me was often staying with my uncle , and it was there our engagement was formed , though not till a year after he had quitted as a pupil ; but he was almost always with us afterwards .
But the question is not , whether it would be a bad connexion for him , but whether he wishes it ; and I think he does .
41 : 32 He maketh a path to shine after him ; one would think the deep to be hoary .
" I know nothing of the large parties of London , sir -- I never dine with any body ."
1 : 3 His substance also was seven thousand sheep , and three thousand camels , and five hundred yoke of oxen , and five hundred she asses , and a very great household ; so that this man was the greatest of all the men of the east .
35 : 4 And the suburbs of the cities , which ye shall give unto the Levites , shall reach from the wall of the city and outward a thousand cubits round about .
The elegant little clock on the mantel - piece had struck " eleven with its silver sounds ," and the watchman was beginning to be heard at a distance telling the same tale , before Mr Elliot or any of them seemed to feel that he had been there long .
I assure you I have .
30 : 26 When I looked for good , then evil came unto me : and when I waited for light , there came darkness .
3 : 18 My little children , let us not love in word , neither in tongue ; but in deed and in truth .
29 : 25 Then men shall say , Because they have forsaken the covenant of the LORD God of their fathers , which he made with them when he brought them forth out of the land of Egypt : 29 : 26 For they went and served other gods , and worshipped them , gods whom they knew not , and whom he had not given unto them : 29 : 27 And the anger of the LORD was kindled against this land , to bring upon it all the curses that are written in this book : 29 : 28 And the LORD rooted them out of their land in anger , and in wrath , and in great indignation , and cast them into another land , as it is this day .
They were received with great cordiality .
This is a point which you must settle with your feelings ."
50 : 5 The Lord GOD hath opened mine ear , and I was not rebellious , neither turned away back .
7 : 9 And it came to pass the same night , that the LORD said unto him , Arise , get thee down unto the host ; for I have delivered it into thine hand .
29 : 17 And thou shalt cut the ram in pieces , and wash the inwards of him , and his legs , and put them unto his pieces , and unto his head .
And he turned aside , and stood still .
19 : 10 And they shall be broken in the purposes thereof , all that make sluices and ponds for fish .
11 : 9 And I say unto you , Ask , and it shall be given you ; seek , and ye shall find ; knock , and it shall be opened unto you .
23 : 24 Can any hide himself in secret places that I shall not see him ?
33 : 17 Yet the children of thy people say , The way of the Lord is not equal : but as for them , their way is not equal .
18 : 26 And the children of Dan went their way : and when Micah saw that they were too strong for him , he turned and went back unto his house .
26 : 40 And the sons of Bela were Ard and Naaman : of Ard , the family of the Ardites : and of Naaman , the family of the Naamites .
24 : 14 Now therefore fear the LORD , and serve him in sincerity and in truth : and put away the gods which your fathers served on the other side of the flood , and in Egypt ; and serve ye the LORD .
Ay , it is a fine thing to be young and handsome .
2 : 8 And unto the angel of the church in Smyrna write ; These things saith the first and the last , which was dead , and is alive ; 2 : 9 I know thy works , and tribulation , and poverty , ( but thou art rich ) and I know the blasphemy of them which say they are Jews , and are not , but are the synagogue of Satan .
13 : 14 Remember me , O my God , concerning this , and wipe not out my good deeds that I have done for the house of my God , and for the offices thereof .
26 : 17 And I will set my face against you , and ye shall be slain before your enemies : they that hate you shall reign over you ; and ye shall flee when none pursueth you .
follow thou me .
11 : 38 And it shall be , if thou wilt hearken unto all that I command thee , and wilt walk in my ways , and do that is right in my sight , to keep my statutes and my commandments , as David my servant did ; that I will be with thee , and build thee a sure house , as I built for David , and will give Israel unto thee .
26 : 21 And they digged another well , and strove for that also : and he called the name of it Sitnah .
and how oft cometh their destruction upon them !
19 : 10 And I fell at his feet to worship him .
30 : 17 One thousand shall flee at the rebuke of one ; at the rebuke of five shall ye flee : till ye be left as a beacon upon the top of a mountain , and as an ensign on an hill .
" It is a sort of thing which nobody could have expected .
7 : 16 Ye shall know them by their fruits .
5 : 9 Let there more work be laid upon the men , that they may labour therein ; and let them not regard vain words .
2 : 3 And I was with you in weakness , and in fear , and in much trembling .
The remainder of Anne ' s time at Uppercross , comprehending only two days , was spent entirely at the Mansion House ; and she had the satisfaction of knowing herself extremely useful there , both as an immediate companion , and as assisting in all those arrangements for the future , which , in Mr and Mrs Musgrove ' s distressed state of spirits , would have been difficulties .
5 : 6 Wherefore a lion out of the forest shall slay them , and a wolf of the evenings shall spoil them , a leopard shall watch over their cities : every one that goeth out thence shall be torn in pieces : because their transgressions are many , and their backslidings are increased .
3 : 12 Take heed , brethren , lest there be in any of you an evil heart of unbelief , in departing from the living God .
She could not respect his eye , but his love and his complaisance were unexceptionable .
14 : 43 Then Saul said to Jonathan , Tell me what thou hast done .
I shall go to him , but he shall not return to me .
7 : 20 And Achan answered Joshua , and said , Indeed I have sinned against the LORD God of Israel , and thus and thus have I done : 7 : 21 When I saw among the spoils a goodly Babylonish garment , and two hundred shekels of silver , and a wedge of gold of fifty shekels weight , then I coveted them , and took them ; and , behold , they are hid in the earth in the midst of my tent , and the silver under it .
15 : 31 Because he hath despised the word of the LORD , and hath broken his commandment , that soul shall utterly be cut off ; his iniquity shall be upon him .
38 : 13 Sheba , and Dedan , and the merchants of Tarshish , with all the young lions thereof , shall say unto thee , Art thou come to take a spoil ?
This was felt to be a considerable amendment ; and though they all met at the Great House at rather an early breakfast hour , and set off very punctually , it was so much past noon before the two carriages , Mr Musgrove ' s coach containing the four ladies , and Charles ' s curricle , in which he drove Captain Wentworth , were descending the long hill into Lyme , and entering upon the still steeper street of the town itself , that it was very evident they would not have more than time for looking about them , before the light and warmth of the day were gone .
18 : 7 And shall not God avenge his own elect , which cry day and night unto him , though he bear long with them ?
15 : 8 And Abijam slept with his fathers ; and they buried him in the city of David : and Asa his son reigned in his stead .
41 : 3 Will he make many supplications unto thee ?
29 : 16 When the wicked are multiplied , transgression increaseth : but the righteous shall see their fall .
1 : 15 John bare witness of him , and cried , saying , This was he of whom I spake , He that cometh after me is preferred before me : for he was before me .
1 : 38 And the sons of Seir ; Lotan , and Shobal , and Zibeon , and Anah , and Dishon , and Ezar , and Dishan .
83 : 16 Fill their faces with shame ; that they may seek thy name , O LORD .
She was well paid for her impudence .
I have always been blessed with excellent health , and no climate disagrees with me .
14 : 12 Arise thou therefore , get thee to thine own house : and when thy feet enter into the city , the child shall die .
4 : 34 And the priest shall take of the blood of the sin offering with his finger , and put it upon the horns of the altar of burnt offering , and shall pour out all the blood thereof at the bottom of the altar : 4 : 35 And he shall take away all the fat thereof , as the fat of the lamb is taken away from the sacrifice of the peace offerings ; and the priest shall burn them upon the altar , according to the offerings made by fire unto the LORD : and the priest shall make an atonement for his sin that he hath committed , and it shall be forgiven him .
107 : 39 Again , they are minished and brought low through oppression , affliction , and sorrow .
3 : 16 Unto the woman he said , I will greatly multiply thy sorrow and thy conception ; in sorrow thou shalt bring forth children ; and thy desire shall be to thy husband , and he shall rule over thee .
8 : 8 Shall not the land tremble for this , and every one mourn that dwelleth therein ?
24 : 9 They shall not drink wine with a song ; strong drink shall be bitter to them that drink it .
Lady Russell ' s had no success at all : could not be put up with , were not to be borne .
2 : 19 For what is our hope , or joy , or crown of rejoicing ?
4 : 11 Again , if two lie together , then they have heat : but how can one be warm alone ?
6 : 16 And it came to pass at the seventh time , when the priests blew with the trumpets , Joshua said unto the people , Shout ; for the LORD hath given you the city .
But while she smiled at a graciousness so misapplied , she could not reflect on the mean - spirited folly from which it sprung , nor observe the studied attentions with which the Miss Steeles courted its continuance , without thoroughly despising them all four .
There were many things to be taken into the account .
16 : 9 Sing unto him , sing psalms unto him , talk ye of all his wondrous works .
26 : 20 Come , my people , enter thou into thy chambers , and shut thy doors about thee : hide thyself as it were for a little moment , until the indignation be overpast .
Mrs . Dashwood did not hear unmoved the vindication of her former favourite .
" No .
9 : 34 And when he was come in , he did eat and drink , and said , Go , see now this cursed woman , and bury her : for she is a king ' s daughter .
18 : 27 Peter then denied again : and immediately the cock crew .
90 : 6 In the morning it flourisheth , and groweth up ; in the evening it is cut down , and withereth .
5 : 17 For this our heart is faint ; for these things our eyes are dim .
He must be starved , you know ;-- that is certain ; absolutely starved ."
let us eat and drink ; for to morrow we die .
I believe ," she added in a low voice , " he would have been very glad to have had me , if he could .
When the evening was over , Anne could not but be amused at the idea of her coming to Lyme to preach patience and resignation to a young man whom she had never seen before ; nor could she help fearing , on more serious reflection , that , like many other great moralists and preachers , she had been eloquent on a point in which her own conduct would ill bear examination .
I could never tell whether an attachment between you and Mr . Elton were most desirable or most natural .
It is a retired place .
33 : 11 Ye shall conceive chaff , ye shall bring forth stubble : your breath , as fire , shall devour you .
14 : 15 And the LORD said unto Moses , Wherefore criest thou unto me ?
let him be known among the heathen in our sight by the revenging of the blood of thy servants which is shed .
3 : 6 And Solomon said , Thou hast shewed unto thy servant David my father great mercy , according as he walked before thee in truth , and in righteousness , and in uprightness of heart with thee ; and thou hast kept for him this great kindness , that thou hast given him a son to sit on his throne , as it is this day .
146 : 5 Happy is he that hath the God of Jacob for his help , whose hope is in the LORD his God :
39 : 4 Their young ones are in good liking , they grow up with corn ; they go forth , and return not unto them .
7 : 23 And blessed is he , whosoever shall not be offended in me .
And they all condemned him to be guilty of death .
" Dearest Marianne , who but himself ?
She was sorry , but could not repent .
12 : 24 Thou shalt not eat it ; thou shalt pour it upon the earth as water .
Abundance of civilities passed on all sides .
" I thought you were both in Devonshire ," said he .
7 : 30 On the fourth day Elizur the son of Shedeur , prince of the children of Reuben , did offer : 7 : 31 His offering was one silver charger of the weight of an hundred and thirty shekels , one silver bowl of seventy shekels , after the shekel of the sanctuary ; both of them full of fine flour mingled with oil for a meat offering : 7 : 32 One golden spoon of ten shekels , full of incense : 7 : 33 One young bullock , one ram , one lamb of the first year , for a burnt offering : 7 : 34 One kid of the goats for a sin offering : 7 : 35 And for a sacrifice of peace offerings , two oxen , five rams , five he goats , five lambs of the first year : this was the offering of Elizur the son of Shedeur .
4 : 6 Even as David also describeth the blessedness of the man , unto whom God imputeth righteousness without works , 4 : 7 Saying , Blessed are they whose iniquities are forgiven , and whose sins are covered .
29 : 31 And thou shalt take the ram of the consecration , and seethe his flesh in the holy place .
Her father -- and Harriet .
I was angry with my foe : I told it not , my wrath did grow .
Things must come to a crisis soon now .
Elinor did not quite understand the beginning of Mrs . Jennings ' s speech , neither did she think it worth inquiring into ; and therefore only replied to its conclusion .
11 : 32 For God hath concluded them all in unbelief , that he might have mercy upon all .
10 : 7 And in the same house remain , eating and drinking such things as they give : for the labourer is worthy of his hire .
He had gone away deeply offended -- he came back engaged to another -- and to another as superior , of course , to the first , as under such circumstances what is gained always is to what is lost .
37 : 30 And this shall be a sign unto thee , Ye shall eat this year such as groweth of itself ; and the second year that which springeth of the same : and in the third year sow ye , and reap , and plant vineyards , and eat the fruit thereof .
28 : 1 And David assembled all the princes of Israel , the princes of the tribes , and the captains of the companies that ministered to the king by course , and the captains over the thousands , and captains over the hundreds , and the stewards over all the substance and possession of the king , and of his sons , with the officers , and with the mighty men , and with all the valiant men , unto Jerusalem .
The Book of Joshua
" I was going to observe , sir ," said Frank Churchill , " that one of the great recommendations of this change would be the very little danger of any body ' s catching cold -- so much less danger at the Crown than at Randalls !
Elizabeth could not conceive how such an absurd suspicion should occur to her , and indignantly answered for each party ' s perfectly knowing their situation .
50 : 4 In those days , and in that time , saith the LORD , the children of Israel shall come , they and the children of Judah together , going and weeping : they shall go , and seek the LORD their God .
3 : 25 But after that faith is come , we are no longer under a schoolmaster .
She put it into her hands as she spoke ; and when Elinor saw the painting , whatever other doubts her fear of a too hasty decision , or her wish of detecting falsehood might suffer to linger in her mind , she could have none of its being Edward ' s face .
21 : 2 And Israel vowed a vow unto the LORD , and said , If thou wilt indeed deliver this people into my hand , then I will utterly destroy their cities .
15 : 13 All that are born of the country shall do these things after this manner , in offering an offering made by fire , of a sweet savour unto the LORD .
21 : 12 But the fields of the city , and the villages thereof , gave they to Caleb the son of Jephunneh for his possession .
16 : 8 Then the lords of the Philistines brought up to her seven green withs which had not been dried , and she bound him with them .
2 : 6 The law of truth was in his mouth , and iniquity was not found in his lips : he walked with me in peace and equity , and did turn many away from iniquity .
42 : 9 So Eliphaz the Temanite and Bildad the Shuhite and Zophar the Naamathite went , and did according as the LORD commanded them : the LORD also accepted Job .
4 : 1 Furthermore then we beseech you , brethren , and exhort you by the Lord Jesus , that as ye have received of us how ye ought to walk and to please God , so ye would abound more and more .
She was generous , amiable , interesting : she was everything but prudent .
3 : 23 And the sons of Neariah ; Elioenai , and Hezekiah , and Azrikam , three .
22 : 4 Then on the third day Abraham lifted up his eyes , and saw the place afar off .
" I have let my house to Admiral Croft ," would sound extremely well ; very much better than to any mere Mr --; a Mr ( save , perhaps , some half dozen in the nation ,) always needs a note of explanation .
102 : 26 They shall perish , but thou shalt endure : yea , all of them shall wax old like a garment ; as a vesture shalt thou change them , and they shall be changed :
4 : 30 Then they went out of the city , and came unto him .
" And , father , how can I love you Or any of my brothers more ?
40 : 3 And he hath put a new song in my mouth , even praise unto our God : many shall see it , and fear , and shall trust in the LORD .
18 : 24 Defile not ye yourselves in any of these things : for in all these the nations are defiled which I cast out before you : 18 : 25 And the land is defiled : therefore I do visit the iniquity thereof upon it , and the land itself vomiteth out her inhabitants .
13 : 10 He that leadeth into captivity shall go into captivity : he that killeth with the sword must be killed with the sword .
So the Levite went in .
That she was , to all appearance , in the last stage of a consumption , was -- yes , in such a situation it was my greatest comfort .
27 : 1 And it came to pass , that when Isaac was old , and his eyes were dim , so that he could not see , he called Esau his eldest son , and said unto him , My son : and he said unto him , Behold , here am I .
12 : 2 And they said , Hath the LORD indeed spoken only by Moses ?
13 : 8 So Tamar went to her brother Amnon ' s house ; and he was laid down .
34 : 17 The righteous cry , and the LORD heareth , and delivereth them out of all their troubles .
13 : 12 I will make a man more precious than fine gold ; even a man than the golden wedge of Ophir .
11 : 26 Also the valiant men of the armies were , Asahel the brother of Joab , Elhanan the son of Dodo of Bethlehem , 11 : 27 Shammoth the Harorite , Helez the Pelonite , 11 : 28 Ira the son of Ikkesh the Tekoite , Abiezer the Antothite , 11 : 29 Sibbecai the Hushathite , Ilai the Ahohite , 11 : 30 Maharai the Netophathite , Heled the son of Baanah the Netophathite , 11 : 31 Ithai the son of Ribai of Gibeah , that pertained to the children of Benjamin , Benaiah the Pirathonite , 11 : 32 Hurai of the brooks of Gaash , Abiel the Arbathite , 11 : 33 Azmaveth the Baharumite , Eliahba the Shaalbonite , 11 : 34 The sons of Hashem the Gizonite , Jonathan the son of Shage the Hararite , 11 : 35 Ahiam the son of Sacar the Hararite , Eliphal the son of Ur , 11 : 36 Hepher the Mecherathite , Ahijah the Pelonite , 11 : 37 Hezro the Carmelite , Naarai the son of Ezbai , 11 : 38 Joel the brother of Nathan , Mibhar the son of Haggeri , 11 : 39 Zelek the Ammonite , Naharai the Berothite , the armourbearer of Joab the son of Zeruiah , 11 : 40 Ira the Ithrite , Gareb the Ithrite , 11 : 41 Uriah the Hittite , Zabad the son of Ahlai , 11 : 42 Adina the son of Shiza the Reubenite , a captain of the Reubenites , and thirty with him , 11 : 43 Hanan the son of Maachah , and Joshaphat the Mithnite , 11 : 44 Uzzia the Ashterathite , Shama and Jehiel the sons of Hothan the Aroerite , 11 : 45 Jediael the son of Shimri , and Joha his brother , the Tizite , 11 : 46 Eliel the Mahavite , and Jeribai , and Joshaviah , the sons of Elnaam , and Ithmah the Moabite , 11 : 47 Eliel , and Obed , and Jasiel the Mesobaite .
" She must be under some sort of penance , inflicted either by the Campbells or herself .
and it was but yesterday I was telling Mr . Cole , I really was ashamed to look at our new grand pianoforte in the drawing - room , while I do not know one note from another , and our little girls , who are but just beginning , perhaps may never make any thing of it ; and there is poor Jane Fairfax , who is mistress of music , has not any thing of the nature of an instrument , not even the pitifullest old spinet in the world , to amuse herself with .-- I was saying this to Mr . Cole but yesterday , and he quite agreed with me ; only he is so particularly fond of music that he could not help indulging himself in the purchase , hoping that some of our good neighbours might be so obliging occasionally to put it to a better use than we can ; and that really is the reason why the instrument was bought -- or else I am sure we ought to be ashamed of it .-- We are in great hopes that Miss Woodhouse may be prevailed with to try it this evening ."
31 : 4 Of every tribe a thousand , throughout all the tribes of Israel , shall ye send to the war .
28 : 14 And if this come to the governor ' s ears , we will persuade him , and secure you .
I know Mr . John Knightley too well -- I am very sure he understands the value of friendship as well as any body .
4 : 4 So Esther ' s maids and her chamberlains came and told it her .
32 : 31 And the children of Gad and the children of Reuben answered , saying , As the LORD hath said unto thy servants , so will we do .
There was too much domestic happiness in his brother ' s house ; woman wore too amiable a form in it ; Isabella was too much like Emma -- differing only in those striking inferiorities , which always brought the other in brilliancy before him , for much to have been done , even had his time been longer .-- He had stayed on , however , vigorously , day after day -- till this very morning ' s post had conveyed the history of Jane Fairfax .-- Then , with the gladness which must be felt , nay , which he did not scruple to feel , having never believed Frank Churchill to be at all deserving Emma , was there so much fond solicitude , so much keen anxiety for her , that he could stay no longer .
" Oh yes !-- that is , no -- I do not know -- but I believe he has read a good deal -- but not what you would think any thing of .
11 : 9 Then said I , I will not feed you : that that dieth , let it die ; and that that is to be cut off , let it be cut off ; and let the rest eat every one the flesh of another .
16 : 16 The law and the prophets were until John : since that time the kingdom of God is preached , and every man presseth into it .
I raised thee up under the apple tree : there thy mother brought thee forth : there she brought thee forth that bare thee .
26 : 18 As a mad man who casteth firebrands , arrows , and death , 26 : 19 So is the man that deceiveth his neighbour , and saith , Am not I in sport ?
14 : 23 For they also built them high places , and images , and groves , on every high hill , and under every green tree .
" Poor child !"
23 : 30 By little and little I will drive them out from before thee , until thou be increased , and inherit the land .
22 : 22 Receive , I pray thee , the law from his mouth , and lay up his words in thine heart .
23 : 18 And ye shall offer with the bread seven lambs without blemish of the first year , and one young bullock , and two rams : they shall be for a burnt offering unto the LORD , with their meat offering , and their drink offerings , even an offering made by fire , of sweet savour unto the LORD .
really , never !-- Bless me !
1 : 23 For if any be a hearer of the word , and not a doer , he is like unto a man beholding his natural face in a glass : 1 : 24 For he beholdeth himself , and goeth his way , and straightway forgetteth what manner of man he was .
But first of all , there must be an answer written to Mrs .
24 : 1 Behold , the LORD maketh the earth empty , and maketh it waste , and turneth it upside down , and scattereth abroad the inhabitants thereof .
When he is married , if we have the good luck to live to another war , we shall see him do as you and I , and a great many others , have done .
9 : 23 At the commandment of the LORD they rested in the tents , and at the commandment of the LORD they journeyed : they kept the charge of the LORD , at the commandment of the LORD by the hand of Moses .
INTRODUCTION
1 : 1 Then Moab rebelled against Israel after the death of Ahab .
But never did she go without Mr . Woodhouse ' s giving a gentle sigh , and saying , " Ah , poor Miss Taylor !
" And , upon my word , they have an air of great probability .
She desired nothing better herself .
27 : 33 He shall not search whether it be good or bad , neither shall he change it : and if he change it at all , then both it and the change thereof shall be holy ; it shall not be redeemed .
12 : 25 He that loveth his life shall lose it ; and he that hateth his life in this world shall keep it unto life eternal .
The necessity of concealing from her mother and Marianne , what had been entrusted in confidence to herself , though it obliged her to unceasing exertion , was no aggravation of Elinor ' s distress .
You are safe in all worldly matters , and safe in his character .
18 : 15 And the king said to him , How many times shall I adjure thee that thou say nothing but the truth to me in the name of the LORD ?
3 : 25 For the thing which I greatly feared is come upon me , and that which I was afraid of is come unto me .
Had he married a more amiable woman , he might have been made still more respectable than he was :-- he might even have been made amiable himself ; for he was very young when he married , and very fond of his wife .
113 : 4 The LORD is high above all nations , and his glory above the heavens .
How could she have exposed herself to such ill opinion in any one she valued !
24 : 22 And except those days should be shortened , there should no flesh be saved : but for the elect ' s sake those days shall be shortened .
2 : 12 They say to their mothers , Where is corn and wine ?
No !-- she was more and more convinced that Mrs . Weston was quite mistaken in that surmise .
for riches certainly make themselves wings ; they fly away as an eagle toward heaven .
I see they lay helpless & naked : weeping And none to answer , none to cherish thee with mothers smiles .
" Another time , Sir , I thank you , not now ."
21 : 23 And if any mischief follow , then thou shalt give life for life , 21 : 24 Eye for eye , tooth for tooth , hand for hand , foot for foot , 21 : 25 Burning for burning , wound for wound , stripe for stripe .
And when they knew , they say , Five , and two fishes .
How it would affect Frank was among the earliest thoughts of both .
Her imagination was busy , her reflections were pleasant , and the pain of a sprained ankle was disregarded .
" I was just going to tell you of our agreeable surprize in seeing him arrive this morning .
" I am sorry to find , my love , that my father does not think you looking well -- but I hope it is only from being a little fatigued .
And he put his hand into his bosom again ; and plucked it out of his bosom , and , behold , it was turned again as his other flesh .
Emma was rather in dismay when only half a minute afterwards he began to speak of other things , and in a voice of the greatest alacrity and enjoyment .
And their son does never shine , And their fields are bleak and bare , And their ways are filled with thorns : It is eternal winter there .
Mrs . Ferrars , with the utmost liberality , will come forward , and settle on him a thousand a year , if the match takes place .
97 : 6 The heavens declare his righteousness , and all the people see his glory .
I did not understand you .
I cannot bear to imagine any reluctance on his side ; but I am sure there is a great wish on the Churchills ' to keep him to themselves .
8 : 10 And herein I give my advice : for this is expedient for you , who have begun before , not only to do , but also to be forward a year ago .
12 : 12 Let her not be as one dead , of whom the flesh is half consumed when he cometh out of his mother ' s womb .
He was recalled from wit to wisdom , not by any reproof of her ' s , but by his own sensibility .
" Do you think so ?"
5 : 26 She put her hand to the nail , and her right hand to the workmen ' s hammer ; and with the hammer she smote Sisera , she smote off his head , when she had pierced and stricken through his temples .
That is good news however ; I will ride over tomorrow , and ask him to dinner on Thursday ."
6 : 33 And while he yet talked with them , behold , the messenger came down unto him : and he said , Behold , this evil is of the LORD ; what should I wait for the LORD any longer ?
1 : 7 And the children of Israel were fruitful , and increased abundantly , and multiplied , and waxed exceeding mighty ; and the land was filled with them .
3 : 25 We lie down in our shame , and our confusion covereth us : for we have sinned against the LORD our God , we and our fathers , from our youth even unto this day , and have not obeyed the voice of the LORD our God .
6 : 23 Then was the king exceedingly glad for him , and commanded that they should take Daniel up out of the den .
145 : 1 I will extol thee , my God , O king ; and I will bless thy name for ever and ever .
4 : 5 So she went from him , and shut the door upon her and upon her sons , who brought the vessels to her ; and she poured out .
37 : 11 And it came to pass , that when the army of the Chaldeans was broken up from Jerusalem for fear of Pharaoh ' s army , 37 : 12 Then Jeremiah went forth out of Jerusalem to go into the land of Benjamin , to separate himself thence in the midst of the people .
and beforetime , that we may say , He is righteous ?
I have no thoughts of matrimony at present ."
Here is the rivet of your mistress ' s spectacles out .
26 : 9 And thou shalt couple five curtains by themselves , and six curtains by themselves , and shalt double the sixth curtain in the forefront of the tabernacle .
28 : 8 And the children of Israel carried away captive of their brethren two hundred thousand , women , sons , and daughters , and took also away much spoil from them , and brought the spoil to Samaria .
16 : 17 And the seventh angel poured out his vial into the air ; and there came a great voice out of the temple of heaven , from the throne , saying , It is done .
Anxious to omit no possible precaution , Anne struggled , and said --
7 : 2 The good man is perished out of the earth : and there is none upright among men : they all lie in wait for blood ; they hunt every man his brother with a net .
3 : 5 He hath builded against me , and compassed me with gall and travail .
And I said , A basket of summer fruit .
25 : 47 And if a sojourner or stranger wax rich by thee , and thy brother that dwelleth by him wax poor , and sell himself unto the stranger or sojourner by thee , or to the stock of the stranger ' s family : 25 : 48 After that he is sold he may be redeemed again ; one of his brethren may redeem him : 25 : 49 Either his uncle , or his uncle ' s son , may redeem him , or any that is nigh of kin unto him of his family may redeem him ; or if he be able , he may redeem himself .
15 : 9 What knowest thou , that we know not ?
And the sons of Jokshan ; Sheba , and Dedan .
35 : 22 Nevertheless Josiah would not turn his face from him , but disguised himself , that he might fight with him , and hearkened not unto the words of Necho from the mouth of God , and came to fight in the valley of Megiddo .
18 : 30 And he would not : but went and cast him into prison , till he should pay the debt .
24 : 2 And Abraham said unto his eldest servant of his house , that ruled over all that he had , Put , I pray thee , thy hand under my thigh : 24 : 3 And I will make thee swear by the LORD , the God of heaven , and the God of the earth , that thou shalt not take a wife unto my son of the daughters of the Canaanites , among whom I dwell : 24 : 4 But thou shalt go unto my country , and to my kindred , and take a wife unto my son Isaac .
11 : 17 Now in this that I declare unto you I praise you not , that ye come together not for the better , but for the worse .
9 : 9 For this is the word of promise , At this time will I come , and Sarah shall have a son .
15 : 28 When therefore I have performed this , and have sealed to them this fruit , I will come by you into Spain .
They continued together with unabated regard however , till the marriage of Miss Campbell , who by that chance , that luck which so often defies anticipation in matrimonial affairs , giving attraction to what is moderate rather than to what is superior , engaged the affections of Mr . Dixon , a young man , rich and agreeable , almost as soon as they were acquainted ; and was eligibly and happily settled , while Jane Fairfax had yet her bread to earn .
8 : 37 Nay , in all these things we are more than conquerors through him that loved us .
6 : 21 And the children of Israel , which were come again out of captivity , and all such as had separated themselves unto them from the filthiness of the heathen of the land , to seek the LORD God of Israel , did eat , 6 : 22 And kept the feast of unleavened bread seven days with joy : for the LORD had made them joyful , and turned the heart of the king of Assyria unto them , to strengthen their hands in the work of the house of God , the God of Israel .
20 : 39 Then certain of the scribes answering said , Master , thou hast well said .
32 : 7 I said , Days should speak , and multitude of years should teach wisdom .
7 : 6 For the LORD had made the host of the Syrians to hear a noise of chariots , and a noise of horses , even the noise of a great host : and they said one to another , Lo , the king of Israel hath hired against us the kings of the Hittites , and the kings of the Egyptians , to come upon us .
" Nonsense !
21 : 15 If a man have two wives , one beloved , and another hated , and they have born him children , both the beloved and the hated ; and if the firstborn son be hers that was hated : 21 : 16 Then it shall be , when he maketh his sons to inherit that which he hath , that he may not make the son of the beloved firstborn before the son of the hated , which is indeed the firstborn : 21 : 17 But he shall acknowledge the son of the hated for the firstborn , by giving him a double portion of all that he hath : for he is the beginning of his strength ; the right of the firstborn is his .
21 : 7 Therefore that disciple whom Jesus loved saith unto Peter , It is the Lord .
My account states , that your sister ' s friend , the lady now staying with you , whom I have heard you mention , came to Bath with Miss Elliot and Sir Walter as long ago as September ( in short when they first came themselves ), and has been staying there ever since ; that she is a clever , insinuating , handsome woman , poor and plausible , and altogether such in situation and manner , as to give a general idea , among Sir Walter ' s acquaintance , of her meaning to be Lady Elliot , and as general a surprise that Miss Elliot should be apparently , blind to the danger ."
-- Those were Miss Woodhouse ' s words , were they ?-- And a fine ending -- and there is the letter .
8 : 32 And Mikloth begat Shimeah .
He was on foot , and after looking very respectfully at her , looked with most unfeigned satisfaction at her companion .
16 : 7 Therefore shall Moab howl for Moab , every one shall howl : for the foundations of Kirhareseth shall ye mourn ; surely they are stricken .
" Is Mr . Edward Ferrars ," said Elinor , with resolution , " going to be married ?"
" Well , sir ," said Mrs . Jennings , " and how did it end ?"
Picture to yourselves my amazement ; I shall not easily forget Admiral Baldwin .
8 : 7 Therefore , as ye abound in every thing , in faith , and utterance , and knowledge , and in all diligence , and in your love to us , see that ye abound in this grace also .
Here Anne had often been staying .
" I am not at all surprized that he should have fallen in love ."
1 : 9 The meat offering and the drink offering is cut off from the house of the LORD ; the priests , the LORD ' s ministers , mourn .
4 : 4 And Benaiah the son of Jehoiada was over the host : and Zadok and Abiathar were the priests : 4 : 5 And Azariah the son of Nathan was over the officers : and Zabud the son of Nathan was principal officer , and the king ' s friend : 4 : 6 And Ahishar was over the household : and Adoniram the son of Abda was over the tribute .
" I remember last Christmas at a little hop at the park , he danced from eight o ' clock till four , without once sitting down ."
26 : 34 These are the families of Manasseh , and those that were numbered of them , fifty and two thousand and seven hundred .
You have difficulties , and privations , and dangers enough to struggle with .
31 : 9 I have made him fair by the multitude of his branches : so that all the trees of Eden , that were in the garden of God , envied him .
Emma had not been thinking of him , she had forgotten to think of him -- but she was very glad to see him .
20 : 6 And we sailed away from Philippi after the days of unleavened bread , and came unto them to Troas in five days ; where we abode seven days .
20 : 5 Moreover I will deliver all the strength of this city , and all the labours thereof , and all the precious things thereof , and all the treasures of the kings of Judah will I give into the hand of their enemies , which shall spoil them , and take them , and carry them to Babylon .
They each felt his sorrows , and their own obligations , and Marianne , by general consent , was to be the reward of all .
7 : 19 The vessels also that are given thee for the service of the house of thy God , those deliver thou before the God of Jerusalem .
He was soon pretty well resigned .
He was not Mr Wentworth , the former curate of Monkford , however suspicious appearances may be , but a Captain Frederick Wentworth , his brother , who being made commander in consequence of the action off St Domingo , and not immediately employed , had come into Somersetshire , in the summer of 1806 ; and having no parent living , found a home for half a year at Monkford .
26 : 32 And his brethren , men of valour , were two thousand and seven hundred chief fathers , whom king David made rulers over the Reubenites , the Gadites , and the half tribe of Manasseh , for every matter pertaining to God , and affairs of the king .
that I had never seen her !"
and it may be a very fortunate circumstance for him , for Frank , I mean , that he should have attached himself to a girl of such steadiness of character and good judgment as I have always given her credit for -- and still am disposed to give her credit for , in spite of this one great deviation from the strict rule of right .
wilt thou be altogether unto me as a liar , and as waters that fail ?
15 : 14 And if a stranger sojourn with you , or whosoever be among you in your generations , and will offer an offering made by fire , of a sweet savour unto the LORD ; as ye do , so he shall do .
She sat an hour with me on Monday evening , and gave me the whole history ."
a land of darkness ?
11 : 30 And Moses gat him into the camp , he and the elders of Israel .
25 : 27 Now after the time that Amaziah did turn away from following the LORD they made a conspiracy against him in Jerusalem ; and he fled to Lachish : but they sent to Lachish after him , and slew him there .
Then I said in my heart , that this also is vanity .
" No ," admitted Charles , " I do not know that he ever does , in a general way ; but however , it is a very clear thing that he admires you exceedingly .
I should deserve utter contempt if I dared to suppose that true attachment and constancy were known only by woman .
And when the devil had thrown him in the midst , he came out of him , and hurt him not .
6 : 28 They are all grievous revolters , walking with slanders : they are brass and iron ; they are all corrupters .
26 : 10 By reason of the abundance of his horses their dust shall cover thee : thy walls shall shake at the noise of the horsemen , and of the wheels , and of the chariots , when he shall enter into thy gates , as men enter into a city wherein is made a breach .
She has plenty of money , and I intend she shall buy all the high - priced things I have in hand now ."
10 : 16 Therefore shall the Lord , the Lord of hosts , send among his fat ones leanness ; and under his glory he shall kindle a burning like the burning of a fire .
18 : 30 Therefore thou shalt say unto them , When ye have heaved the best thereof from it , then it shall be counted unto the Levites as the increase of the threshingfloor , and as the increase of the winepress .
6 : 10 The LORD therefore hath performed his word that he hath spoken : for I am risen up in the room of David my father , and am set on the throne of Israel , as the LORD promised , and have built the house for the name of the LORD God of Israel .
41 : 12 I will not conceal his parts , nor his power , nor his comely proportion .
I happened to look up as I went by the chaise , and so I see directly it was the youngest Miss Steele ; so I took off my hat , and she knew me and called to me , and inquired after you , ma ' am , and the young ladies , especially Miss Marianne , and bid me I should give her compliments and Mr . Ferrars ' s , their best compliments and service , and how sorry they was they had not time to come on and see you , but they was in a great hurry to go forwards , for they was going further down for a little while , but howsever , when they come back , they ' d make sure to come and see you ."
13 : 12 And when Jesus saw her , he called her to him , and said unto her , Woman , thou art loosed from thine infirmity .
As they were turning into the grounds , Mr . Perry passed by on horseback .
3 : 16 All scripture is given by inspiration of God , and is profitable for doctrine , for reproof , for correction , for instruction in righteousness : 3 : 17 That the man of God may be perfect , throughly furnished unto all good works .
Then I went to the heath and the wild , To the thistles and thorns of the waste ; And they told me how they were beguiled , Driven out , and compelled to the chaste .
11 : 6 And the hare , because he cheweth the cud , but divideth not the hoof ; he is unclean unto you .
26 : 17 And they shall take up a lamentation for thee , and say to thee , How art thou destroyed , that wast inhabited of seafaring men , the renowned city , which wast strong in the sea , she and her inhabitants , which cause their terror to be on all that haunt it !
CHAPTER 34
1 : 4 Whereas Edom saith , We are impoverished , but we will return and build the desolate places ; thus saith the LORD of hosts , They shall build , but I will throw down ; and they shall call them , The border of wickedness , and , The people against whom the LORD hath indignation for ever .
How completely it meant , ` why should my picture be drawn ?'"
2 : 19 But Mary kept all these things , and pondered them in her heart .
but dear Miss Woodhouse , she is now in such retirement , such obscurity , so thrown away .-- Whatever advantages she may have enjoyed with the Campbells are so palpably at an end !
7 : 9 Oh let the wickedness of the wicked come to an end ; but establish the just : for the righteous God trieth the hearts and reins .
And it was a custom in Israel , 11 : 40 That the daughters of Israel went yearly to lament the daughter of Jephthah the Gileadite four days in a year .
" Remember , Elinor ," said she , " how very often Sir John fetches our letters himself from the post , and carries them to it .
7 : 9 Will ye steal , murder , and commit adultery , and swear falsely , and burn incense unto Baal , and walk after other gods whom ye know not ; 7 : 10 And come and stand before me in this house , which is called by my name , and say , We are delivered to do all these abominations ?
83 : 4 They have said , Come , and let us cut them off from being a nation ; that the name of Israel may be no more in remembrance .
23 : 5 And Aholah played the harlot when she was mine ; and she doted on her lovers , on the Assyrians her neighbours , 23 : 6 Which were clothed with blue , captains and rulers , all of them desirable young men , horsemen riding upon horses .
And Elijah departed .
Emma saw his anxiety , and wishing to appease it , at least for the present , said , and with a sincerity which no one could question --
nay , they were not at all ashamed , neither could they blush : therefore they shall fall among them that fall : at the time that I visit them they shall be cast down , saith the LORD .
" I shall always be very sorry that you went to the sea this autumn , instead of coming here ."
Erastus the chamberlain of the city saluteth you , and Quartus a brother .
12 : 50 And I know that his commandment is life everlasting : whatsoever I speak therefore , even as the Father said unto me , so I speak .
18 : 1 When Jesus had spoken these words , he went forth with his disciples over the brook Cedron , where was a garden , into the which he entered , and his disciples .
Then said Jesus unto him , Go , and do thou likewise .
31 : 12 And strangers , the terrible of the nations , have cut him off , and have left him : upon the mountains and in all the valleys his branches are fallen , and his boughs are broken by all the rivers of the land ; and all the people of the earth are gone down from his shadow , and have left him .
2 : 37 Now when they heard this , they were pricked in their heart , and said unto Peter and to the rest of the apostles , Men and brethren , what shall we do ?
3 : 8 Therefore the anger of the LORD was hot against Israel , and he sold them into the hand of Chushanrishathaim king of Mesopotamia : and the children of Israel served Chushanrishathaim eight years .
I know you will not be sorry to be off .
And thou shalt speak unto him , saying , Thus saith the LORD , In the place where dogs licked the blood of Naboth shall dogs lick thy blood , even thine .
5 : 21 So Gehazi followed after Naaman .
when thou doest evil , then thou rejoicest .
24 : 28 Of Mahli came Eleazar , who had no sons .
26 : 11 With the hoofs of his horses shall he tread down all thy streets : he shall slay thy people by the sword , and thy strong garrisons shall go down to the ground .
6 : 19 And the whole multitude sought to touch him : for there went virtue out of him , and healed them all .
It was a reference to the future , which Anne , after a little observation , felt she must submit to .
14 : 12 And they took Lot , Abram ' s brother ' s son , who dwelt in Sodom , and his goods , and departed .
" What poor Mrs . Ferrars suffered , when first Fanny broke it to her , is not to be described .
24 : 6 And he said unto his men , The LORD forbid that I should do this thing unto my master , the LORD ' s anointed , to stretch forth mine hand against him , seeing he is the anointed of the LORD .
5 : 5 And this man shall be the peace , when the Assyrian shall come into our land : and when he shall tread in our palaces , then shall we raise against him seven shepherds , and eight principal men .
And when I saw it , I fell upon my face , and I heard a voice of one that spake .
24 : 59 And they sent away Rebekah their sister , and her nurse , and Abraham ' s servant , and his men .
" I would ask for the pleasure of your company , Mr . Knightley , but I am a very slow walker , and my pace would be tedious to you ; and , besides , you have another long walk before you , to Donwell Abbey ."
To hear those beautiful lines which have frequently almost driven me wild , pronounced with such impenetrable calmness , such dreadful indifference !"
36 : 37 Thus saith the Lord GOD ; I will yet for this be enquired of by the house of Israel , to do it for them ; I will increase them with men like a flock .
God forbid .
And Jehu said , What hast thou to do with peace ?
14 : 33 So likewise , whosoever he be of you that forsaketh not all that he hath , he cannot be my disciple .
34 : 5 For my sword shall be bathed in heaven : behold , it shall come down upon Idumea , and upon the people of my curse , to judgment .
I have written unto you , young men , because ye are strong , and the word of God abideth in you , and ye have overcome the wicked one .
The same civilities and courtesies , the same success and satisfaction , took place on the morrow , and accompanied the whole progress of the picture , which was rapid and happy .
20 : 15 Yet also I lifted up my hand unto them in the wilderness , that I would not bring them into the land which I had given them , flowing with milk and honey , which is the glory of all lands ; 20 : 16 Because they despised my judgments , and walked not in my statutes , but polluted my sabbaths : for their heart went after their idols .
8 : 15 Ye judge after the flesh ; I judge no man .
27 : 20 Which Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon took not , when he carried away captive Jeconiah the son of Jehoiakim king of Judah from Jerusalem to Babylon , and all the nobles of Judah and Jerusalem ; 27 : 21 Yea , thus saith the LORD of hosts , the God of Israel , concerning the vessels that remain in the house of the LORD , and in the house of the king of Judah and of Jerusalem ; 27 : 22 They shall be carried to Babylon , and there shall they be until the day that I visit them , saith the LORD ; then will I bring them up , and restore them to this place .
2 : 23 I thank thee , and praise thee , O thou God of my fathers , who hast given me wisdom and might , and hast made known unto me now what we desired of thee : for thou hast now made known unto us the king ' s matter .
20 : 15 And if a man lie with a beast , he shall surely be put to death : and ye shall slay the beast .
And Jane declares -- Well !--( as soon as she was within the door ) Well !
9 : 7 Every man according as he purposeth in his heart , so let him give ; not grudgingly , or of necessity : for God loveth a cheerful giver .
44 : 21 And thou saidst unto thy servants , Bring him down unto me , that I may set mine eyes upon him .
49 : 2 Therefore , behold , the days come , saith the LORD , that I will cause an alarm of war to be heard in Rabbah of the Ammonites ; and it shall be a desolate heap , and her daughters shall be burned with fire : then shall Israel be heir unto them that were his heirs , saith the LORD .
" I am here on no business of my own ," said Emma ; " I am only waiting for my friend .
Emma knew this was too true for contradiction , and therefore said nothing .
And they said , Nay ; but we will abide in the street all night .
3 : 1 Then Naomi her mother in law said unto her , My daughter , shall I not seek rest for thee , that it may be well with thee ?
9 : 5 And whosoever will not receive you , when ye go out of that city , shake off the very dust from your feet for a testimony against them .
10 : 5 After that thou shalt come to the hill of God , where is the garrison of the Philistines : and it shall come to pass , when thou art come thither to the city , that thou shalt meet a company of prophets coming down from the high place with a psaltery , and a tabret , and a pipe , and a harp , before them ; and they shall prophesy : 10 : 6 And the Spirit of the LORD will come upon thee , and thou shalt prophesy with them , and shalt be turned into another man .
88 : 8 Thou hast put away mine acquaintance far from me ; thou hast made me an abomination unto them : I am shut up , and I cannot come forth .
7 : 25 For whosoever eateth the fat of the beast , of which men offer an offering made by fire unto the LORD , even the soul that eateth it shall be cut off from his people .
She roused herself and went to him .
14 : 19 Yet a little while , and the world seeth me no more ; but ye see me : because I live , ye shall live also .
3 : 17 But the wisdom that is from above is first pure , then peaceable , gentle , and easy to be intreated , full of mercy and good fruits , without partiality , and without hypocrisy .
10 : 1 Why standest thou afar off , O LORD ?
15 : 24 And if any man lie with her at all , and her flowers be upon him , he shall be unclean seven days ; and all the bed whereon he lieth shall be unclean .
4 : 3 And it shall come to pass , that he that is left in Zion , and he that remaineth in Jerusalem , shall be called holy , even every one that is written among the living in Jerusalem : 4 : 4 When the Lord shall have washed away the filth of the daughters of Zion , and shall have purged the blood of Jerusalem from the midst thereof by the spirit of judgment , and by the spirit of burning .
It is a very large one , I know ; and when I come to see you , I hope you will have new - furnished it , for it wanted it very much when I was there six years ago ."
This made a difficulty .
28 : 9 And thou , Solomon my son , know thou the God of thy father , and serve him with a perfect heart and with a willing mind : for the LORD searcheth all hearts , and understandeth all the imaginations of the thoughts : if thou seek him , he will be found of thee ; but if thou forsake him , he will cast thee off for ever .
be courageous , and be valiant .
16 : 24 And when the people saw him , they praised their god : for they said , Our god hath delivered into our hands our enemy , and the destroyer of our country , which slew many of us .
23 : 19 And he set the porters at the gates of the house of the LORD , that none which was unclean in any thing should enter in .
But whether she would do for a lady ' s maid , I am sure I can ' t tell .
26 : 27 And Isaac said unto them , Wherefore come ye to me , seeing ye hate me , and have sent me away from you ?
why is it that ye have left the man ?
How Harriet could ever have had the presumption to raise her thoughts to Mr .
83 : 10 Which perished at Endor : they became as dung for the earth .
22 : 17 But thine eyes and thine heart are not but for thy covetousness , and for to shed innocent blood , and for oppression , and for violence , to do it .
9 : 31 Now we know that God heareth not sinners : but if any man be a worshipper of God , and doeth his will , him he heareth .
They had in fact nothing to wish for , but the marriage of Colonel Brandon and Marianne , and rather better pasturage for their cows .
If the LORD have stirred thee up against me , let him accept an offering : but if they be the children of men , cursed be they before the LORD ; for they have driven me out this day from abiding in the inheritance of the LORD , saying , Go , serve other gods .
34 : 8 O taste and see that the LORD is good : blessed is the man that trusteth in him .
5 : 4 The sons of Joel ; Shemaiah his son , Gog his son , Shimei his son , 5 : 5 Micah his son , Reaia his son , Baal his son , 5 : 6 Beerah his son , whom Tilgathpilneser king of Assyria carried away captive : he was prince of the Reubenites .
And there was great indignation against Israel : and they departed from him , and returned to their own land .
35 : 25 Let them not say in their hearts , Ah , so would we have it : let them not say , We have swallowed him up .
I never met with a disposition more truly amiable ."
9 : 9 When I was gone up into the mount to receive the tables of stone , even the tables of the covenant which the LORD made with you , then I abode in the mount forty days and forty nights , I neither did eat bread nor drink water : 9 : 10 And the LORD delivered unto me two tables of stone written with the finger of God ; and on them was written according to all the words , which the LORD spake with you in the mount out of the midst of the fire in the day of the assembly .
They can do nothing satisfactorily without you ."
4 : 7 Then came in the magicians , the astrologers , the Chaldeans , and the soothsayers : and I told the dream before them ; but they did not make known unto me the interpretation thereof .
6 : 29 And when his disciples heard of it , they came and took up his corpse , and laid it in a tomb .
for ye make clean the outside of the cup and of the platter , but within they are full of extortion and excess .
2 : 7 Then Herod , when he had privily called the wise men , enquired of them diligently what time the star appeared .
I have something of consequence to inform you of , which I was on the point of communicating by paper .
22 : 26 Her priests have violated my law , and have profaned mine holy things : they have put no difference between the holy and profane , neither have they shewed difference between the unclean and the clean , and have hid their eyes from my sabbaths , and I am profaned among them .
25 : 38 When saw we thee a stranger , and took thee in ?
Charles , you had much better go back and change the box for Tuesday .
Lady Middleton seemed to be roused to enjoyment only by the entrance of her four noisy children after dinner , who pulled her about , tore her clothes , and put an end to every kind of discourse except what related to themselves .
48 : 2 And by the border of Dan , from the east side unto the west side , a portion for Asher .
32 : 2 And a man shall be as an hiding place from the wind , and a covert from the tempest ; as rivers of water in a dry place , as the shadow of a great rock in a weary land .
The party before her were , Mrs Musgrove , talking to Mrs Croft , and Captain Harville to Captain Wentworth ; and she immediately heard that Mary and Henrietta , too impatient to wait , had gone out the moment it had cleared , but would be back again soon , and that the strictest injunctions had been left with Mrs Musgrove to keep her there till they returned .
26 : 44 And he left them , and went away again , and prayed the third time , saying the same words .
But he must not be addressing his reflections to Anne alone : he knew it ; he was soon diffused again among the others , and it was only at intervals that he could return to Lyme .
39 : 13 Gavest thou the goodly wings unto the peacocks ?
3 : 12 And this land , which we possessed at that time , from Aroer , which is by the river Arnon , and half mount Gilead , and the cities thereof , gave I unto the Reubenites and to the Gadites .
14 : 4 Who art thou that judgest another man ' s servant ?
" He will not come in , as Mrs . Jennings is from home ."
Her mind was quite sick of Mr . Elton and the Martins .
11 : 18 For John came neither eating nor drinking , and they say , He hath a devil .
14 : 40 And they rose up early in the morning , and gat them up into the top of the mountain , saying , Lo , we be here , and will go up unto the place which the LORD hath promised : for we have sinned .
She was received with a cordial respect which could not but please , and given all the consequence she could wish for .
10 : 13 But the people are many , and it is a time of much rain , and we are not able to stand without , neither is this a work of one day or two : for we are many that have transgressed in this thing .
" Are you going as high as Belmont ?
1 : 7 And the sons of Javan ; Elishah , and Tarshish , Kittim , and Dodanim .
11 : 22 And they possessed all the coasts of the Amorites , from Arnon even unto Jabbok , and from the wilderness even unto Jordan .
Yea , I say unto you , and much more than a prophet .
It would be enough to make them completely easy .
Mrs . Elton , as elegant as lace and pearls could make her , he looked at in silence -- wanting only to observe enough for Isabella ' s information -- but Miss Fairfax was an old acquaintance and a quiet girl , and he could talk to her .
24 : 38 And he said unto them , Why are ye troubled ?
31 : 4 Then said Saul unto his armourbearer , Draw thy sword , and thrust me through therewith ; lest these uncircumcised come and thrust me through , and abuse me .
This is meeting quite in fairy - land !-- Such a transformation !-- Must not compliment , I know ( eyeing Emma most complacently )-- that would be rude -- but upon my word , Miss Woodhouse , you do look -- how do you like Jane ' s hair ?-- You are a judge .-- She did it all herself .
They encouraged each other now in the violence of their affliction .
Must it not have been so , Marianne ?"
very unaccountable !
" She has had the advantage , you know , of practising on me ," she continued --" like La Baronne d ' Almane on La Comtesse d ' Ostalis , in Madame de Genlis ' Adelaide and Theodore , and we shall now see her own little Adelaide educated on a more perfect plan ."
Blessed is he that watcheth , and keepeth his garments , lest he walk naked , and they see his shame .
22 : 25 And Micaiah said , Behold , thou shalt see in that day , when thou shalt go into an inner chamber to hide thyself .
Though I think he had better not have married .
1 : 17 When I therefore was thus minded , did I use lightness ?
73 : 2 But as for me , my feet were almost gone ; my steps had well nigh slipped .
36 : 15 Neither will I cause men to hear in thee the shame of the heathen any more , neither shalt thou bear the reproach of the people any more , neither shalt thou cause thy nations to fall any more , saith the Lord GOD .
20 : 12 And they brought the young man alive , and were not a little comforted .
Mrs Harville was a very experienced nurse , and her nursery - maid , who had lived with her long , and gone about with her everywhere , was just such another .
He was under my uncle ' s care , you know , a considerable while ."
16 : 5 Now I will come unto you , when I shall pass through Macedonia : for I do pass through Macedonia .
The ladies had passed near it in their way along the valley , but it was screened from their view at home by the projection of a hill .
40 : 42 And the four tables were of hewn stone for the burnt offering , of a cubit and an half long , and a cubit and an half broad , and one cubit high : whereupon also they laid the instruments wherewith they slew the burnt offering and the sacrifice .
29 : 28 And he died in a good old age , full of days , riches , and honour : and Solomon his son reigned in his stead .
25 : 8 And let them make me a sanctuary ; that I may dwell among them .
28 : 22 And thou shalt make upon the breastplate chains at the ends of wreathen work of pure gold .
I trow not .
33 : 14 Let my lord , I pray thee , pass over before his servant : and I will lead on softly , according as the cattle that goeth before me and the children be able to endure , until I come unto my lord unto Seir .
12 : 6 And when Herod would have brought him forth , the same night Peter was sleeping between two soldiers , bound with two chains : and the keepers before the door kept the prison .
17 : 18 And Jesus rebuked the devil ; and he departed out of him : and the child was cured from that very hour .
5 : 33 But the woman fearing and trembling , knowing what was done in her , came and fell down before him , and told him all the truth .
I acquit Edward of essential misconduct .
His gravity and thoughtfulness returned on him in their fullest extent -- and he sat for some time silent and dull .
And looked back , with fond regret , to the bustles of Uppercross and the seclusion of Kellynch .
" Good morning to you ,"-- said he , rising and walking off abruptly .
No more would Sir John , nor my daughters , for they are all very thoughtful and considerate ; especially if I give them a hint , as I certainly will .
8 : 22 But Jesus said unto him , Follow me ; and let the dead bury their dead .
18 : 9 Now when Tou king of Hamath heard how David had smitten all the host of Hadarezer king of Zobah ; 18 : 10 He sent Hadoram his son to king David , to enquire of his welfare , and to congratulate him , because he had fought against Hadarezer , and smitten him ; ( for Hadarezer had war with Tou ;) and with him all manner of vessels of gold and silver and brass .
4 : 2 Thy teeth are like a flock of sheep that are even shorn , which came up from the washing ; whereof every one bear twins , and none is barren among them .
14 : 36 What ?
1 : 16 Now as he walked by the sea of Galilee , he saw Simon and Andrew his brother casting a net into the sea : for they were fishers .
And his mother ' s name was Hephzibah .
8 : 10 And he said , Unto you it is given to know the mysteries of the kingdom of God : but to others in parables ; that seeing they might not see , and hearing they might not understand .
on Tuesday night , he made a very awkward sort of excuse ; ` he never shot ' and he had ` been quite misunderstood ,' and he had promised this and he had promised that , and the end of it was , I found , that he did not mean to come .
5 : 19 And when they could not find by what way they might bring him in because of the multitude , they went upon the housetop , and let him down through the tiling with his couch into the midst before Jesus .
19 : 12 And he said , If the Syrians be too strong for me , then thou shalt help me : but if the children of Ammon be too strong for thee , then I will help thee .
4 : 7 And also I have withholden the rain from you , when there were yet three months to the harvest : and I caused it to rain upon one city , and caused it not to rain upon another city : one piece was rained upon , and the piece whereupon it rained not withered .
" Do not blame him , however , for departing from his character , where the deviation is necessary .
" Agreed , agreed .
And he answered , I will go .
1 : 17 But upon mount Zion shall be deliverance , and there shall be holiness ; and the house of Jacob shall possess their possessions .
8 : 20 These words spake Jesus in the treasury , as he taught in the temple : and no man laid hands on him ; for his hour was not yet come .
Every minute is valuable .
I will keep my ill - humour to myself .
26 : 64 But among these there was not a man of them whom Moses and Aaron the priest numbered , when they numbered the children of Israel in the wilderness of Sinai .
The heat even would be danger .-- You are fatigued already ."
9 : 15 And they did so , and made them all sit down .
104 : 2 Who coverest thyself with light as with a garment : who stretchest out the heavens like a curtain :
Business on Sir John ' s part , and a violent cold on her own , prevented their calling in Berkeley Street .
" Thank you , thank you , my own sweet little friend .
11 : 24 Afterwards the spirit took me up , and brought me in a vision by the Spirit of God into Chaldea , to them of the captivity .
My dearest Anne , it would give me more delight than is often felt at my time of life !"
21 : 1 After these things Jesus shewed himself again to the disciples at the sea of Tiberias ; and on this wise shewed he himself .
5 : 8 Remove thy way far from her , and come not nigh the door of her house : 5 : 9 Lest thou give thine honour unto others , and thy years unto the cruel : 5 : 10 Lest strangers be filled with thy wealth ; and thy labours be in the house of a stranger ; 5 : 11 And thou mourn at the last , when thy flesh and thy body are consumed , 5 : 12 And say , How have I hated instruction , and my heart despised reproof ; 5 : 13 And have not obeyed the voice of my teachers , nor inclined mine ear to them that instructed me !
12 : 16 So when all Israel saw that the king hearkened not unto them , the people answered the king , saying , What portion have we in David ?
17 : 19 Thus said the LORD unto me ; Go and stand in the gate of the children of the people , whereby the kings of Judah come in , and by the which they go out , and in all the gates of Jerusalem ; 17 : 20 And say unto them , Hear ye the word of the LORD , ye kings of Judah , and all Judah , and all the inhabitants of Jerusalem , that enter in by these gates : 17 : 21 Thus saith the LORD ; Take heed to yourselves , and bear no burden on the sabbath day , nor bring it in by the gates of Jerusalem ; 17 : 22 Neither carry forth a burden out of your houses on the sabbath day , neither do ye any work , but hallow ye the sabbath day , as I commanded your fathers .
6 : 48 Their brethren also the Levites were appointed unto all manner of service of the tabernacle of the house of God .
4 : 7 As they were increased , so they sinned against me : therefore will I change their glory into shame .
And I hope she is well ."
20 : 32 Last of all the woman died also .
" Well , whenever it suits you .
But ( with a smile ) you would be materially benefited in one particular at least -- you would know where to go when you left them ."
20 : 17 Nevertheless mine eye spared them from destroying them , neither did I make an end of them in the wilderness .
105 : 11 Saying , Unto thee will I give the land of Canaan , the lot of your inheritance :
A better written letter , Harriet ( returning it ,) than I had expected ."
if it be yet in vain .
4 : 25 And there followed him great multitudes of people from Galilee , and from Decapolis , and from Jerusalem , and from Judaea , and from beyond Jordan .
3 : 5 For this cause , when I could no longer forbear , I sent to know your faith , lest by some means the tempter have tempted you , and our labour be in vain .
1 : 16 They profess that they know God ; but in works they deny him , being abominable , and disobedient , and unto every good work reprobate .
6 : 14 But God forbid that I should glory , save in the cross of our Lord Jesus Christ , by whom the world is crucified unto me , and I unto the world .
9 : 25 For what is a man advantaged , if he gain the whole world , and lose himself , or be cast away ?
" I was with Mr . Cole on business an hour and a half ago .
21 : 45 And when the chief priests and Pharisees had heard his parables , they perceived that he spake of them .
33 : 22 As the host of heaven cannot be numbered , neither the sand of the sea measured : so will I multiply the seed of David my servant , and the Levites that minister unto me .
And he lay with her that night .
20 : 30 Wherefore say unto the house of Israel , Thus saith the Lord GOD ; Are ye polluted after the manner of your fathers ?
And Joseph went out from the presence of Pharaoh , and went throughout all the land of Egypt .
14 : 20 And the LORD said , I have pardoned according to thy word : 14 : 21 But as truly as I live , all the earth shall be filled with the glory of the LORD .
" Your indifference , however , towards that unfortunate girl -- I must say it , unpleasant to me as the discussion of such a subject may well be -- your indifference is no apology for your cruel neglect of her .
to loose the bands of wickedness , to undo the heavy burdens , and to let the oppressed go free , and that ye break every yoke ?
10 : 10 And he said unto them , Let the LORD be so with you , as I will let you go , and your little ones : look to it ; for evil is before you .
We asked him to come home with us for a day or two : Charles undertook to give him some shooting , and he seemed quite delighted , and , for my part , I thought it was all settled ; when behold !
18 : 17 I will scatter them as with an east wind before the enemy ; I will shew them the back , and not the face , in the day of their calamity .
16 : 26 He that laboureth laboureth for himself ; for his mouth craveth it of him .
9 : 13 For the people turneth not unto him that smiteth them , neither do they seek the LORD of hosts .
" How can you think of dirt , with such objects before you ?"
8 : 21 So Joram went over to Zair , and all the chariots with him : and he rose by night , and smote the Edomites which compassed him about , and the captains of the chariots : and the people fled into their tents .
12 : 10 And the young men that were grown up with him spake unto him , saying , Thus shalt thou speak unto this people that spake unto thee , saying , Thy father made our yoke heavy , but make thou it lighter unto us ; thus shalt thou say unto them , My little finger shall be thicker than my father ' s loins .
37 : 12 The wicked plotteth against the just , and gnasheth upon him with his teeth .
55 : 7 Lo , then would I wander far off , and remain in the wilderness .
" How can that be ?
Behold , the LORD rideth upon a swift cloud , and shall come into Egypt : and the idols of Egypt shall be moved at his presence , and the heart of Egypt shall melt in the midst of it .
So the people rescued Jonathan , that he died not .
6 : 37 All that the Father giveth me shall come to me ; and him that cometh to me I will in no wise cast out .
And his mother ' s name was Jecholiah of Jerusalem .
104 : 21 The young lions roar after their prey , and seek their meat from God .
They were a couple worth looking at .
4 : 6 For God , who commanded the light to shine out of darkness , hath shined in our hearts , to give the light of the knowledge of the glory of God in the face of Jesus Christ .
And I answered , I see a flying roll ; the length thereof is twenty cubits , and the breadth thereof ten cubits .
20 : 6 And thou , Pashur , and all that dwell in thine house shall go into captivity : and thou shalt come to Babylon , and there thou shalt die , and shalt be buried there , thou , and all thy friends , to whom thou hast prophesied lies .
3 : 13 And he shall lay his hand upon the head of it , and kill it before the tabernacle of the congregation : and the sons of Aaron shall sprinkle the blood thereof upon the altar round about .
31 : 52 And all the gold of the offering that they offered up to the LORD , of the captains of thousands , and of the captains of hundreds , was sixteen thousand seven hundred and fifty shekels .
It was well to have a comfort in store on Harriet ' s behalf , though it might be wise to let the fancy touch it seldom ; for evil in that quarter was at hand .
22 : 14 And the princes of Moab rose up , and they went unto Balak , and said , Balaam refuseth to come with us .
9 : 23 And after that many days were fulfilled , the Jews took counsel to kill him : 9 : 24 But their laying await was known of Saul .
I am sure she will be pleased with the children .
" You MUST drink tea with us to night ," said he , " for we shall be quite alone -- and tomorrow you must absolutely dine with us , for we shall be a large party ."
102 : 18 This shall be written for the generation to come : and the people which shall be created shall praise the LORD .
hath he not sent me to the men which sit on the wall , that they may eat their own dung , and drink their own piss with you ?
29 : 30 And he went in also unto Rachel , and he loved also Rachel more than Leah , and served with him yet seven other years .
37 : 36 Then the angel of the LORD went forth , and smote in the camp of the Assyrians a hundred and fourscore and five thousand : and when they arose early in the morning , behold , they were all dead corpses .
6 : 7 And the anger of the LORD was kindled against Uzzah ; and God smote him there for his error ; and there he died by the ark of God .
They now walked on together quietly , till within view of the vicarage pales , when a sudden resolution , of at least getting Harriet into the house , made her again find something very much amiss about her boot , and fall behind to arrange it once more .
" I shall not attempt it .
20 : 40 For in mine holy mountain , in the mountain of the height of Israel , saith the Lord GOD , there shall all the house of Israel , all of them in the land , serve me : there will I accept them , and there will I require your offerings , and the firstfruits of your oblations , with all your holy things .
15 : 45 And when he knew it of the centurion , he gave the body to Joseph .
It is the greatest absurdity -- Actually snowing at this moment !-- The folly of not allowing people to be comfortable at home -- and the folly of people ' s not staying comfortably at home when they can !
36 : 18 And all the vessels of the house of God , great and small , and the treasures of the house of the LORD , and the treasures of the king , and of his princes ; all these he brought to Babylon .
Imagine to yourself , my dear Elinor , the delight of a gallop on some of these downs ."
But she was very anxious to have it done with the least possible pain to him and Elizabeth .
" I have very little to say for my own conduct .-- I was tempted by his attentions , and allowed myself to appear pleased .-- An old story , probably -- a common case -- and no more than has happened to hundreds of my sex before ; and yet it may not be the more excusable in one who sets up as I do for Understanding .
24 : 16 And they buried him in the city of David among the kings , because he had done good in Israel , both toward God , and toward his house .
26 : 1 Then Agrippa said unto Paul , Thou art permitted to speak for thyself .
26 : 10 He hath compassed the waters with bounds , until the day and night come to an end .
Ah !
With strong concern , and with many reproaches for not being called to their aid , did Mrs . Jennings hear in the morning of what had passed .
20 : 11 And Moses lifted up his hand , and with his rod he smote the rock twice : and the water came out abundantly , and the congregation drank , and their beasts also .
How languid their conversation the last evening of their being together !
Whenever you are transplanted , like me , Miss Woodhouse , you will understand how very delightful it is to meet with any thing at all like what one has left behind .
39 : 16 She is hardened against her young ones , as though they were not her ' s : her labour is in vain without fear ; 39 : 17 Because God hath deprived her of wisdom , neither hath he imparted to her understanding .
Elinor , unable herself to determine whether it were better for Marianne to be in London or at Barton , offered no counsel of her own except of patience till their mother ' s wishes could be known ; and at length she obtained her sister ' s consent to wait for that knowledge .
He did not disturb the wretchedness of her mind by ill - timed conversation .
14 : 15 And so shall be the plague of the horse , of the mule , of the camel , and of the ass , and of all the beasts that shall be in these tents , as this plague .
" It was a frightful hour ," said he , " a frightful day !"
9 : 15 But king Joram was returned to be healed in Jezreel of the wounds which the Syrians had given him , when he fought with Hazael king of Syria .)
3 : 59 O LORD , thou hast seen my wrong : judge thou my cause .
28 : 26 When he made a decree for the rain , and a way for the lightning of the thunder : 28 : 27 Then did he see it , and declare it ; he prepared it , yea , and searched it out .
" Encouragement !-- I give you encouragement !-- Sir , you have been entirely mistaken in supposing it .
speaking to her in a lowered voice .
Mrs Smith had been carried away from her first direction , and Anne had forgotten , in the interest of her own family concerns , how much had been originally implied against him ; but her attention was now called to the explanation of those first hints , and she listened to a recital which , if it did not perfectly justify the unqualified bitterness of Mrs Smith , proved him to have been very unfeeling in his conduct towards her ; very deficient both in justice and compassion .
11 : 25 And for the villages , with their fields , some of the children of Judah dwelt at Kirjatharba , and in the villages thereof , and at Dibon , and in the villages thereof , and at Jekabzeel , and in the villages thereof , 11 : 26 And at Jeshua , and at Moladah , and at Bethphelet , 11 : 27 And at Hazarshual , and at Beersheba , and in the villages thereof , 11 : 28 And at Ziklag , and at Mekonah , and in the villages thereof , 11 : 29 And at Enrimmon , and at Zareah , and at Jarmuth , 11 : 30 Zanoah , Adullam , and in their villages , at Lachish , and the fields thereof , at Azekah , and in the villages thereof .
That Lady Russell , of steady age and character , and extremely well provided for , should have no thought of a second marriage , needs no apology to the public , which is rather apt to be unreasonably discontented when a woman does marry again , than when she does not ; but Sir Walter ' s continuing in singleness requires explanation .
3 : 18 And it shall come to pass in that day , that the mountains shall drop down new wine , and the hills shall flow with milk , and all the rivers of Judah shall flow with waters , and a fountain shall come forth out of the house of the LORD , and shall water the valley of Shittim .
I hear you have a charming collection of new ribbons from town .
27 : 13 I had fainted , unless I had believed to see the goodness of the LORD in the land of the living .
There , he had learnt to distinguish between the steadiness of principle and the obstinacy of self - will , between the darings of heedlessness and the resolution of a collected mind .
Thus were their names ; Samaria is Aholah , and Jerusalem Aholibah .
4 : 5 Therefore judge nothing before the time , until the Lord come , who both will bring to light the hidden things of darkness , and will make manifest the counsels of the hearts : and then shall every man have praise of God .
2 : 11 And for this cause God shall send them strong delusion , that they should believe a lie : 2 : 12 That they all might be damned who believed not the truth , but had pleasure in unrighteousness .
5 : 1 For every high priest taken from among men is ordained for men in things pertaining to God , that he may offer both gifts and sacrifices for sins : 5 : 2 Who can have compassion on the ignorant , and on them that are out of the way ; for that he himself also is compassed with infirmity .
15 : 1 And straightway in the morning the chief priests held a consultation with the elders and scribes and the whole council , and bound Jesus , and carried him away , and delivered him to Pilate .
But still I cannot imagine she would not be persuaded ."
" These would have been all my friends ," was her thought ; and she had to struggle against a great tendency to lowness .
6 : 8 But Noah found grace in the eyes of the LORD .
21 : 23 And the children of Benjamin did so , and took them wives , according to their number , of them that danced , whom they caught : and they went and returned unto their inheritance , and repaired the cities , and dwelt in them .
He seemed not merely happy with her , but proud .
That is _ship_ ;-- plain as it can be .-- Now for the cream .
16 : 1 The preparations of the heart in man , and the answer of the tongue , is from the LORD .
31 : 38 This twenty years have I been with thee ; thy ewes and thy she goats have not cast their young , and the rams of thy flock have I not eaten .
141 : 4 Incline not my heart to any evil thing , to practise wicked works with men that work iniquity : and let me not eat of their dainties .
" Me !"
How long had Mr . Knightley been so dear to her , as every feeling declared him now to be ?
It would hold the very number for comfort .
24 : 21 And the people said unto Joshua , Nay ; but we will serve the LORD .
There is so little real friendship in the world !
4 : 20 Again he said unto her , Stand in the door of the tent , and it shall be , when any man doth come and enquire of thee , and say , Is there any man here ?
Her feelings altered towards Emma .-- Offended , probably , by the little encouragement which her proposals of intimacy met with , she drew back in her turn and gradually became much more cold and distant ; and though the effect was agreeable , the ill - will which produced it was necessarily increasing Emma ' s dislike .
" A knock at the door !
No positive engagement indeed !
was his reply , but not at all in anger .
55 : 12 For ye shall go out with joy , and be led forth with peace : the mountains and the hills shall break forth before you into singing , and all the trees of the field shall clap their hands .
38 : 7 Be thou prepared , and prepare for thyself , thou , and all thy company that are assembled unto thee , and be thou a guard unto them .
And not all that could be urged to detain her succeeded .
14 : 3 In the mouth of the foolish is a rod of pride : but the lips of the wise shall preserve them .
And also , behold , he cometh forth to meet thee : and when he seeth thee , he will be glad in his heart .
31 : 11 The heart of her husband doth safely trust in her , so that he shall have no need of spoil .
8 : 12 Though a sinner do evil an hundred times , and his days be prolonged , yet surely I know that it shall be well with them that fear God , which fear before him : 8 : 13 But it shall not be well with the wicked , neither shall he prolong his days , which are as a shadow ; because he feareth not before God .
8 : 23 And in the latter time of their kingdom , when the transgressors are come to the full , a king of fierce countenance , and understanding dark sentences , shall stand up .
2 : 4 And when he had gathered all the chief priests and scribes of the people together , he demanded of them where Christ should be born .
All these were the sons of Azel .
64 : 8 So they shall make their own tongue to fall upon themselves : all that see them shall flee away .
9 : 36 And when the voice was past , Jesus was found alone .
How unlucky !
He will be a completely gross , vulgar farmer , totally inattentive to appearances , and thinking of nothing but profit and loss ."
Mrs . Elton was spoken of .
Also the LORD telleth thee that he will make thee an house .
48 : 12 Hearken unto me , O Jacob and Israel , my called ; I am he ; I am the first , I also am the last .
14 : 28 Now the rest of the acts of Jeroboam , and all that he did , and his might , how he warred , and how he recovered Damascus , and Hamath , which belonged to Judah , for Israel , are they not written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Israel ?
17 : 5 And now , O Father , glorify thou me with thine own self with the glory which I had with thee before the world was .
Hitherto she had carefully avoided every companion in her rambles .
What a pity it is that Mr . Weston ever thought of her !"
6 : 5 Deliver thyself as a roe from the hand of the hunter , and as a bird from the hand of the fowler .
23 : 9 Speak not in the ears of a fool : for he will despise the wisdom of thy words .
127 : 2 It is vain for you to rise up early , to sit up late , to eat the bread of sorrows : for so he giveth his beloved sleep .
am I not able indeed to promote thee to honour ?
If any man among you seemeth to be wise in this world , let him become a fool , that he may be wise .
5 : 11 Forasmuch therefore as your treading is upon the poor , and ye take from him burdens of wheat : ye have built houses of hewn stone , but ye shall not dwell in them ; ye have planted pleasant vineyards , but ye shall not drink wine of them .
40 : 25 And there were windows in it and in the arches thereof round about , like those windows : the length was fifty cubits , and the breadth five and twenty cubits .
" But , my dear papa , it is supposed to be summer ; a warm day in summer .
Pray excuse me ; but supposing any little inconvenience may be apprehended from the intimacy , it cannot be expected that Emma , accountable to nobody but her father , who perfectly approves the acquaintance , should put an end to it , so long as it is a source of pleasure to herself .
1 : 8 For from you sounded out the word of the Lord not only in Macedonia and Achaia , but also in every place your faith to God - ward is spread abroad ; so that we need not to speak any thing .
29 : 1 In the tenth year , in the tenth month , in the twelfth day of the month , the word of the LORD came unto me , saying , 29 : 2 Son of man , set thy face against Pharaoh king of Egypt , and prophesy against him , and against all Egypt : 29 : 3 Speak , and say , Thus saith the Lord GOD ; Behold , I am against thee , Pharaoh king of Egypt , the great dragon that lieth in the midst of his rivers , which hath said , My river is mine own , and I have made it for myself .
5 : 11 For the house of Israel and the house of Judah have dealt very treacherously against me , saith the LORD .
But Sir John would not be satisfied -- the carriage should be sent for them and they must come .
38 : 15 And thou shalt come from thy place out of the north parts , thou , and many people with thee , all of them riding upon horses , a great company , and a mighty army : 38 : 16 And thou shalt come up against my people of Israel , as a cloud to cover the land ; it shall be in the latter days , and I will bring thee against my land , that the heathen may know me , when I shall be sanctified in thee , O Gog , before their eyes .
Has not my consent been daily asked by his looks , his manner , his attentive and affectionate respect ?
That the Gentiles , which followed not after righteousness , have attained to righteousness , even the righteousness which is of faith .
-- She was stopped by a cough .
22 : 50 And Jehoshaphat slept with his fathers , and was buried with his fathers in the city of David his father : and Jehoram his son reigned in his stead .
38 : 10 My heart panteth , my strength faileth me : as for the light of mine eyes , it also is gone from me .
Lady Middleton too , though she did not press their mother , pressed them .
6 : 3 Do this now , my son , and deliver thyself , when thou art come into the hand of thy friend ; go , humble thyself , and make sure thy friend .
24 : 20 For through the anger of the LORD it came to pass in Jerusalem and Judah , until he had cast them out from his presence , that Zedekiah rebelled against the king of Babylon .
34 : 1 And the LORD spake unto Moses , saying , 34 : 2 Command the children of Israel , and say unto them , When ye come into the land of Canaan ; ( this is the land that shall fall unto you for an inheritance , even the land of Canaan with the coasts thereof :) 34 : 3 Then your south quarter shall be from the wilderness of Zin along by the coast of Edom , and your south border shall be the outmost coast of the salt sea eastward : 34 : 4 And your border shall turn from the south to the ascent of Akrabbim , and pass on to Zin : and the going forth thereof shall be from the south to Kadeshbarnea , and shall go on to Hazaraddar , and pass on to Azmon : 34 : 5 And the border shall fetch a compass from Azmon unto the river of Egypt , and the goings out of it shall be at the sea .
9 : 3 And I set my face unto the Lord God , to seek by prayer and supplications , with fasting , and sackcloth , and ashes : 9 : 4 And I prayed unto the LORD my God , and made my confession , and said , O Lord , the great and dreadful God , keeping the covenant and mercy to them that love him , and to them that keep his commandments ; 9 : 5 We have sinned , and have committed iniquity , and have done wickedly , and have rebelled , even by departing from thy precepts and from thy judgments : 9 : 6 Neither have we hearkened unto thy servants the prophets , which spake in thy name to our kings , our princes , and our fathers , and to all the people of the land .
Seven days thou shalt eat unleavened bread , as I commanded thee , in the time of the month Abib : for in the month Abib thou camest out from Egypt .
And the king said unto her , Ask on , my mother : for I will not say thee nay .
6 : 8 Oh that I might have my request ; and that God would grant me the thing that I long for !
37 : 1 And Bezaleel made the ark of shittim wood : two cubits and a half was the length of it , and a cubit and a half the breadth of it , and a cubit and a half the height of it : 37 : 2 And he overlaid it with pure gold within and without , and made a crown of gold to it round about .
5 : 18 And Solomon ' s builders and Hiram ' s builders did hew them , and the stonesquarers : so they prepared timber and stones to build the house .
they will hear you ."
He looked at them slightly , without seeming to know who they were , and merely nodded to Mrs . Jennings from the other side of the room .
There , it is done .
" Fifteen years !
I thought it very well done of him indeed .
20 : 9 Then began he to speak to the people this parable ; A certain man planted a vineyard , and let it forth to husbandmen , and went into a far country for a long time .
5 : 19 Neither shalt thou steal .
56 : 6 They gather themselves together , they hide themselves , they mark my steps , when they wait for my soul .
5 : 17 Then Daniel answered and said before the king , Let thy gifts be to thyself , and give thy rewards to another ; yet I will read the writing unto the king , and make known to him the interpretation .
" How surprised you will be , Willoughby , on receiving this ; and I think you will feel something more than surprise , when you know that I am in town .
16 : 18 And Hushai said unto Absalom , Nay ; but whom the LORD , and this people , and all the men of Israel , choose , his will I be , and with him will I abide .
Chapter 14
21 : 4 And God shall wipe away all tears from their eyes ; and there shall be no more death , neither sorrow , nor crying , neither shall there be any more pain : for the former things are passed away .
13 : 18 And the angel of the LORD said unto him , Why askest thou thus after my name , seeing it is secret ?
" I dare say ," returned Harriet , sighing again , " I dare say she was very much attached to him ."
32 : 36 And now therefore thus saith the LORD , the God of Israel , concerning this city , whereof ye say , It shall be delivered into the hand of the king of Babylon by the sword , and by the famine , and by the pestilence ; 32 : 37 Behold , I will gather them out of all countries , whither I have driven them in mine anger , and in my fury , and in great wrath ; and I will bring them again unto this place , and I will cause them to dwell safely : 32 : 38 And they shall be my people , and I will be their God : 32 : 39 And I will give them one heart , and one way , that they may fear me for ever , for the good of them , and of their children after them : 32 : 40 And I will make an everlasting covenant with them , that I will not turn away from them , to do them good ; but I will put my fear in their hearts , that they shall not depart from me .
And it came to pass , when they were come to Bethlehem , that all the city was moved about them , and they said , Is this Naomi ?
11 : 16 Then said Thomas , which is called Didymus , unto his fellowdisciples , Let us also go , that we may die with him .
Fortunately for those who pay their court through such foibles , a fond mother , though , in pursuit of praise for her children , the most rapacious of human beings , is likewise the most credulous ; her demands are exorbitant ; but she will swallow any thing ; and the excessive affection and endurance of the Miss Steeles towards her offspring were viewed therefore by Lady Middleton without the smallest surprise or distrust .
1 : 21 For the prophecy came not in old time by the will of man : but holy men of God spake as they were moved by the Holy Ghost .
10 : 32 Also we made ordinances for us , to charge ourselves yearly with the third part of a shekel for the service of the house of our God ; 10 : 33 For the shewbread , and for the continual meat offering , and for the continual burnt offering , of the sabbaths , of the new moons , for the set feasts , and for the holy things , and for the sin offerings to make an atonement for Israel , and for all the work of the house of our God .
" I am afraid ," said he , composing his features , " I am very much afraid , my dear Emma , that you will not smile when you hear it ."
5 : 8 Be ye also patient ; stablish your hearts : for the coming of the Lord draweth nigh .
15 : 35 And he commanded the multitude to sit down on the ground .
Mr . John Knightley here asked Emma quietly whether there were any doubts of the air of Randalls .
" I have a notion ," said Lucy , " you think the little Middletons rather too much indulged ; perhaps they may be the outside of enough ; but it is so natural in Lady Middleton ; and for my part , I love to see children full of life and spirits ; I cannot bear them if they are tame and quiet ."
She had little difficulty in understanding thus much of her rival ' s intentions , and while she was firmly resolved to act by her as every principle of honour and honesty directed , to combat her own affection for Edward and to see him as little as possible ; she could not deny herself the comfort of endeavouring to convince Lucy that her heart was unwounded .
11 : 36 And unto his son will I give one tribe , that David my servant may have a light alway before me in Jerusalem , the city which I have chosen me to put my name there .
12 : 1 And the LORD spake unto Moses , saying , 12 : 2 Speak unto the children of Israel , saying , If a woman have conceived seed , and born a man child : then she shall be unclean seven days ; according to the days of the separation for her infirmity shall she be unclean .
" In all these cases , there are established usages which make everything plain and easy between landlord and tenant .
I need not so totally despair of an equal alliance , as to be addressing myself to Miss Smith !-- No , madam , my visits to Hartfield have been for yourself only ; and the encouragement I received --"
37 : 31 The law of his God is in his heart ; none of his steps shall slide .
86 : 12 I will praise thee , O Lord my God , with all my heart : and I will glorify thy name for evermore .
And it is the Spirit that beareth witness , because the Spirit is truth .
18 : 26 Ye shall therefore keep my statutes and my judgments , and shall not commit any of these abominations ; neither any of your own nation , nor any stranger that sojourneth among you : 18 : 27 ( For all these abominations have the men of the land done , which were before you , and the land is defiled ;) 18 : 28 That the land spue not you out also , when ye defile it , as it spued out the nations that were before you .
2 : 7 Consider what I say ; and the Lord give thee understanding in all things .
52 : 6 The righteous also shall see , and fear , and shall laugh at him :
They never miss a concert ."
It seems but the work of a moment .
But in this , our last interview of friendship , I approached her with a sense of guilt that almost took from me the power of dissembling .
At that moment she first perceived him , and her whole countenance glowing with sudden delight , she would have moved towards him instantly , had not her sister caught hold of her .
" Indeed !"
Her voice sunk with the word , but presently reviving she added ,
16 : 22 And it came to pass , that the beggar died , and was carried by the angels into Abraham ' s bosom : the rich man also died , and was buried ; 16 : 23 And in hell he lift up his eyes , being in torments , and seeth Abraham afar off , and Lazarus in his bosom .
2 : 16 All that were numbered in the camp of Reuben were an hundred thousand and fifty and one thousand and four hundred and fifty , throughout their armies .
5 : 14 I have even heard of thee , that the spirit of the gods is in thee , and that light and understanding and excellent wisdom is found in thee .
18 : 9 And the kings of the earth , who have committed fornication and lived deliciously with her , shall bewail her , and lament for her , when they shall see the smoke of her burning , 18 : 10 Standing afar off for the fear of her torment , saying , Alas , alas that great city Babylon , that mighty city !
30 : 18 And Leah said , God hath given me my hire , because I have given my maiden to my husband : and she called his name Issachar .
17 : 22 Then Paul stood in the midst of Mars ' hill , and said , Ye men of Athens , I perceive that in all things ye are too superstitious .
I can hardly imagine the young man whom I saw talking with you the other day could express himself so well , if left quite to his own powers , and yet it is not the style of a woman ; no , certainly , it is too strong and concise ; not diffuse enough for a woman .
19 : 35 Ye shall do no unrighteousness in judgment , in meteyard , in weight , or in measure .
7 : 18 And it shall come to pass in that day , that the LORD shall hiss for the fly that is in the uttermost part of the rivers of Egypt , and for the bee that is in the land of Assyria .
19 : 3 But the princes of the children of Ammon said to Hanun , Thinkest thou that David doth honour thy father , that he hath sent comforters unto thee ?
25 : 13 As the cold of snow in the time of harvest , so is a faithful messenger to them that send him : for he refresheth the soul of his masters .
49 : 13 This their way is their folly : yet their posterity approve their sayings .
24 : 29 And Rebekah had a brother , and his name was Laban : and Laban ran out unto the man , unto the well .
why hast thou smitten us , and there is no healing for us ?
8 : 21 And the LORD smelled a sweet savour ; and the LORD said in his heart , I will not again curse the ground any more for man ' s sake ; for the imagination of man ' s heart is evil from his youth ; neither will I again smite any more every thing living , as I have done .
59 : 1 Deliver me from mine enemies , O my God : defend me from them that rise up against me .
28 : 5 Because they regard not the works of the LORD , nor the operation of his hands , he shall destroy them , and not build them up .
" What a pity it is , Elinor ," said Marianne , " that Edward should have no taste for drawing ."
CHAPTER XIII
It would be a charming introduction for you , who have lived so secluded a life ; and I could immediately secure you some of the best society in the place .
10 : 31 And Joshua passed from Libnah , and all Israel with him , unto Lachish , and encamped against it , and fought against it : 10 : 32 And the LORD delivered Lachish into the hand of Israel , which took it on the second day , and smote it with the edge of the sword , and all the souls that were therein , according to all that he had done to Libnah .
4 : 36 And he that reapeth receiveth wages , and gathereth fruit unto life eternal : that both he that soweth and he that reapeth may rejoice together .
Elizabeth ' s last letter had communicated a piece of news of some interest .
John Knightley only was in mute astonishment .-- That a man who might have spent his evening quietly at home after a day of business in London , should set off again , and walk half a mile to another man ' s house , for the sake of being in mixed company till bed - time , of finishing his day in the efforts of civility and the noise of numbers , was a circumstance to strike him deeply .
5 : 29 Her wise ladies answered her , yea , she returned answer to herself , 5 : 30 Have they not sped ?
Willoughby certainly does not deserve to be suspected .
Two maids and two men , indeed !-- as I talked of t ' other day .-- No , no , they must get a stout girl of all works .-- Betty ' s sister would never do for them NOW ."
9 : 3 And he said unto them , Take nothing for your journey , neither staves , nor scrip , neither bread , neither money ; neither have two coats apiece .
for he giveth not account of any of his matters .
8 : 18 Then said he unto Zebah and Zalmunna , What manner of men were they whom ye slew at Tabor ?
" I am so glad to meet you ;" said Miss Steele , taking her familiarly by the arm --" for I wanted to see you of all things in the world ."
29 : 23 And it came to pass in the evening , that he took Leah his daughter , and brought her to him ; and he went in unto her .
" Do you ?-- I have no doubt .
10 : 21 And all the people returned to the camp to Joshua at Makkedah in peace : none moved his tongue against any of the children of Israel .
5 : 17 But he said , Ye are idle , ye are idle : therefore ye say , Let us go and do sacrifice to the LORD .
Elton !-- no wonder that you have such a curiosity to see him ."
" That ' s right , my dear , very right .
19 : 7 And the angel of the LORD came again the second time , and touched him , and said , Arise and eat ; because the journey is too great for thee .
29 : 18 Then I said , I shall die in my nest , and I shall multiply my days as the sand .
21 : 22 He shall eat the bread of his God , both of the most holy , and of the holy .
" Phoo !
42 : 6 Whether it be good , or whether it be evil , we will obey the voice of the LORD our God , to whom we send thee ; that it may be well with us , when we obey the voice of the LORD our God .
77 : 2 In the day of my trouble I sought the Lord : my sore ran in the night , and ceased not : my soul refused to be comforted .
Mrs . John Dashwood wished it likewise ; but in the mean while , till one of these superior blessings could be attained , it would have quieted her ambition to see him driving a barouche .
48 : 14 And they shall not sell of it , neither exchange , nor alienate the firstfruits of the land : for it is holy unto the LORD .
I should be sorry to be more ."
One of five thousand Mr Smiths whose names are to be met with everywhere .
57 : 9 I will praise thee , O Lord , among the people : I will sing unto thee among the nations .
78 : 9 The children of Ephraim , being armed , and carrying bows , turned back in the day of battle .
for famous you must be to satisfy all your family ; and with no inclination for expense , no affection for strangers , no profession , and no assurance , you may find it a difficult matter ."
24 : 20 And the rest of the sons of Levi were these : Of the sons of Amram ; Shubael : of the sons of Shubael ; Jehdeiah .
Everything was safe enough , and she smiled over the many anxious feelings she had wasted on the subject .
14 : 39 And Moses told these sayings unto all the children of Israel : and the people mourned greatly .
" Very ."
4 : 10 But I rejoiced in the Lord greatly , that now at the last your care of me hath flourished again ; wherein ye were also careful , but ye lacked opportunity .
And for a little while she hoped he would not talk of it , and that a silent rumination might suffice to restore him to the relish of his own smooth gruel .
If I had not promoted Mr . Weston ' s visits here , and given many little encouragements , and smoothed many little matters , it might not have come to any thing after all .
20 : 42 And he said unto him , Thus saith the LORD , Because thou hast let go out of thy hand a man whom I appointed to utter destruction , therefore thy life shall go for his life , and thy people for his people .
3 : 23 And it shall come to pass , that every soul , which will not hear that prophet , shall be destroyed from among the people .
For Jesus knew from the beginning who they were that believed not , and who should betray him .
Edward is only to hold the living till the person to whom the Colonel has really sold the presentation , is old enough to take it .-- Aye , aye , that is the fact , depend upon it ."
He said moreover , For there shall be peace and truth in my days .
I would wish every thing to be as much to your taste as possible ."
I would have her understand me .
7 : 18 The children of Adonikam , six hundred threescore and seven .
4 : 7 For God hath not called us unto uncleanness , but unto holiness .
Mrs . Weston and Emma tried earnestly to cheer him and turn his attention from his son - in - law , who was pursuing his triumph rather unfeelingly .
Neither Mr . Suckling nor me had ever any patience with them ; and we used sometimes to say very cutting things !
4 : 16 Yet if any man suffer as a Christian , let him not be ashamed ; but let him glorify God on this behalf .
1 : 21 Wherefore of these men which have companied with us all the time that the Lord Jesus went in and out among us , 1 : 22 Beginning from the baptism of John , unto that same day that he was taken up from us , must one be ordained to be a witness with us of his resurrection .
5 : 6 Suffer not thy mouth to cause thy flesh to sin ; neither say thou before the angel , that it was an error : wherefore should God be angry at thy voice , and destroy the work of thine hands ?
16 : 32 Behold , the hour cometh , yea , is now come , that ye shall be scattered , every man to his own , and shall leave me alone : and yet I am not alone , because the Father is with me .
As to any thing superior for you , I suppose she is quite in the dark .
or look we for another ?
And Saul gave him Michal his daughter to wife .
woe unto thee , Bethsaida !
" Well , my dear ," he deliberately began , " considering we never saw her before , she seems a very pretty sort of young lady ; and I dare say she was very much pleased with you .
10 : 17 But he that glorieth , let him glory in the Lord .
3 : 17 And now , brethren , I wot that through ignorance ye did it , as did also your rulers .
17 : 19 And God said , Sarah thy wife shall bear thee a son indeed ; and thou shalt call his name Isaac : and I will establish my covenant with him for an everlasting covenant , and with his seed after him .
18 : 11 The rich man ' s wealth is his strong city , and as an high wall in his own conceit .
1 : 6 Now among these were of the children of Judah , Daniel , Hananiah , Mishael , and Azariah : 1 : 7 Unto whom the prince of the eunuchs gave names : for he gave unto Daniel the name of Belteshazzar ; and to Hananiah , of Shadrach ; and to Mishael , of Meshach ; and to Azariah , of Abednego .
Emma was not required , by any subsequent discovery , to retract her ill opinion of Mrs . Elton .
said I , ` I shall not forestall Jane ; I left her dancing with Mr . George Otway ; she will love to tell you all about it herself to - morrow : her first partner was Mr . Elton , I do not know who will ask her next , perhaps Mr . William Cox .'
7 : 2 And Joshua sent men from Jericho to Ai , which is beside Bethaven , on the east of Bethel , and spake unto them , saying , Go up and view the country .
It is not likely you should ever have observed him ; but he knows you very well indeed -- I mean by sight ."
One would fancy we were bosom friends !
26 : 26 Then Abimelech went to him from Gerar , and Ahuzzath one of his friends , and Phichol the chief captain of his army .
1 : 22 Then said they unto him , Who art thou ?
" And there will be the two Gilberts , young Cox , my father , and myself , besides Mr . Knightley .
A complete change of life became desirable .
" I hope not , I believe not ," cried Elinor .
22 : 27 With the pure thou wilt shew thyself pure ; and with the froward thou wilt shew thyself unsavoury .
14 : 1 Now Hiram king of Tyre sent messengers to David , and timber of cedars , with masons and carpenters , to build him an house .
22 : 20 But if this thing be true , and the tokens of virginity be not found for the damsel : 22 : 21 Then they shall bring out the damsel to the door of her father ' s house , and the men of her city shall stone her with stones that she die : because she hath wrought folly in Israel , to play the whore in her father ' s house : so shalt thou put evil away from among you .
He might observe that it was so .
11 : 2 Howl , fir tree ; for the cedar is fallen ; because the mighty are spoiled : howl , O ye oaks of Bashan ; for the forest of the vintage is come down .
I am thwarted in every thing material .
But her condemnation of him did not blind her to the impropriety of their having been written at all ; and she was silently grieving over the imprudence which had hazarded such unsolicited proofs of tenderness , not warranted by anything preceding , and most severely condemned by the event , when Marianne , perceiving that she had finished the letters , observed to her that they contained nothing but what any one would have written in the same situation .
46 : 7 They bear him upon the shoulder , they carry him , and set him in his place , and he standeth ; from his place shall he not remove : yea , one shall cry unto him , yet can he not answer , nor save him out of his trouble .
" Well , and that is as early as most men can afford to marry , who are not born to an independence .
Is he a man of fortune ?"
No time was to be lost in undeceiving her , in making her acquainted with the real truth , and in endeavouring to bring her to hear it talked of by others , without betraying that she felt any uneasiness for her sister , or any resentment against Edward .
119 : 117 Hold thou me up , and I shall be safe : and I will have respect unto thy statutes continually .
" I say nothing of which I am ashamed ," replied he , with lively impudence .
She had no dread of these two months .
Impatient in this situation to be doing something that might lead to her sister ' s relief , Elinor resolved to write the next morning to her mother , and hoped by awakening her fears for the health of Marianne , to procure those inquiries which had been so long delayed ; and she was still more eagerly bent on this measure by perceiving after breakfast on the morrow , that Marianne was again writing to Willoughby , for she could not suppose it to be to any other person .
144 : 12 That our sons may be as plants grown up in their youth ; that our daughters may be as corner stones , polished after the similitude of a palace :
She was , moreover , perpetually hearing about him ; for , excepting when at Hartfield , she was always among those who saw no fault in Mr . Elton , and found nothing so interesting as the discussion of his concerns ; and every report , therefore , every guess -- all that had already occurred , all that might occur in the arrangement of his affairs , comprehending income , servants , and furniture , was continually in agitation around her .
3 : 2 But who may abide the day of his coming ?
30 : 5 For thus saith the LORD ; We have heard a voice of trembling , of fear , and not of peace .
4 : 8 Now ye are full , now ye are rich , ye have reigned as kings without us : and I would to God ye did reign , that we also might reign with you .
You must not confound my meaning .
5 : 6 Ye have condemned and killed the just ; and he doth not resist you .
7 : 3 And it was covered with cedar above upon the beams , that lay on forty five pillars , fifteen in a row .
And so excellent in the Church !
And when she held it , he measured six measures of barley , and laid it on her : and she went into the city .
7 : 21 Thou shalt not be affrighted at them : for the LORD thy God is among you , a mighty God and terrible .
Elinor answered in some distress that she was , and then talked of head - aches , low spirits , and over fatigues ; and of every thing to which she could decently attribute her sister ' s behaviour .
51 : 19 Then shalt thou be pleased with the sacrifices of righteousness , with burnt offering and whole burnt offering : then shall they offer bullocks upon thine altar .
are not your ways unequal ?
" Nay , why do you ?"
18 : 2 A fool hath no delight in understanding , but that his heart may discover itself .
15 : 33 And when the sixth hour was come , there was darkness over the whole land until the ninth hour .
You , my mother , and Margaret , must henceforth be all the world to me ; you will share my affections entirely between you .
78 : 32 For all this they sinned still , and believed not for his wondrous works .
yea , I say unto you , and more than a prophet .
She was as handsome a girl last September , as I ever saw ; and as likely to attract the man .
8 : 1 And the LORD spake unto Moses , Go unto Pharaoh , and say unto him , Thus saith the LORD , Let my people go , that they may serve me .
7 : 37 This is that Moses , which said unto the children of Israel , A prophet shall the Lord your God raise up unto you of your brethren , like unto me ; him shall ye hear .
" Mr . Weston do not trifle with me .-- Consider how many of my dearest friends are now in Brunswick Square .
He walked by her side .
9 : 12 Turn you to the strong hold , ye prisoners of hope : even to day do I declare that I will render double unto thee ; 9 : 13 When I have bent Judah for me , filled the bow with Ephraim , and raised up thy sons , O Zion , against thy sons , O Greece , and made thee as the sword of a mighty man .
8 : 29 And Jerubbaal the son of Joash went and dwelt in his own house .
2 : 4 He hath bent his bow like an enemy : he stood with his right hand as an adversary , and slew all that were pleasant to the eye in the tabernacle of the daughter of Zion : he poured out his fury like fire .
I am doatingly fond of music -- passionately fond ;-- and my friends say I am not entirely devoid of taste ; but as to any thing else , upon my honour my performance is _mediocre_ to the last degree .
and Zebul his officer ?
3 : 13 Brethren , I count not myself to have apprehended : but this one thing I do , forgetting those things which are behind , and reaching forth unto those things which are before , 3 : 14 I press toward the mark for the prize of the high calling of God in Christ Jesus .
But there was not a man among all the people that answered him .
1 : 44 And the Amorites , which dwelt in that mountain , came out against you , and chased you , as bees do , and destroyed you in Seir , even unto Hormah .
36 : 7 So shall not the inheritance of the children of Israel remove from tribe to tribe : for every one of the children of Israel shall keep himself to the inheritance of the tribe of his fathers .
" Me !
1 : 21 And she shall bring forth a son , and thou shalt call his name JESUS : for he shall save his people from their sins .
4 : 4 Come to Bethel , and transgress ; at Gilgal multiply transgression ; and bring your sacrifices every morning , and your tithes after three years : 4 : 5 And offer a sacrifice of thanksgiving with leaven , and proclaim and publish the free offerings : for this liketh you , O ye children of Israel , saith the Lord GOD .
26 : 27 And he took the cup , and gave thanks , and gave it to them , saying , Drink ye all of it ; 26 : 28 For this is my blood of the new testament , which is shed for many for the remission of sins .
6 : 31 Then he said , God do so and more also to me , if the head of Elisha the son of Shaphat shall stand on him this day .
4 : 19 And the people came up out of Jordan on the tenth day of the first month , and encamped in Gilgal , in the east border of Jericho .
Anne could command herself enough to receive that look , and not repulsively .
what is my sin , that thou hast so hotly pursued after me ?
27 : 33 When thy wares went forth out of the seas , thou filledst many people ; thou didst enrich the kings of the earth with the multitude of thy riches and of thy merchandise .
1 : 15 And at the end of ten days their countenances appeared fairer and fatter in flesh than all the children which did eat the portion of the king ' s meat .
30 : 15 And David said to him , Canst thou bring me down to this company ?
16 : 23 And Aaron shall come into the tabernacle of the congregation , and shall put off the linen garments , which he put on when he went into the holy place , and shall leave them there : 16 : 24 And he shall wash his flesh with water in the holy place , and put on his garments , and come forth , and offer his burnt offering , and the burnt offering of the people , and make an atonement for himself , and for the people .
In general their evenings were less engaged with friends than their mornings ; but one complete dinner engagement , and out of the house too , there was no avoiding , though at Christmas .
Every thing was silent ; this could not be borne many seconds ; she opened the door , advanced a few steps towards the stairs , and after listening half a minute , returned into the room in all the agitation which a conviction of having heard him would naturally produce ; in the ecstasy of her feelings at that instant she could not help exclaiming , " Oh , Elinor , it is Willoughby , indeed it is !"
" I have a notion ," said Sir John , " that Miss Marianne would not object to such a scheme , if her elder sister would come into it .
147 : 1 Praise ye the LORD : for it is good to sing praises unto our God ; for it is pleasant ; and praise is comely .
5 : 8 And it was so , when Elisha the man of God had heard that the king of Israel had rent his clothes , that he sent to the king , saying , Wherefore hast thou rent thy clothes ?
22 : 28 Thou shalt also decree a thing , and it shall be established unto thee : and the light shall shine upon thy ways .
6 : 7 Therefore now shall they go captive with the first that go captive , and the banquet of them that stretched themselves shall be removed .
To spare Henrietta from agitation seemed the governing principle .
The danger , however , was at present so unperceived , that they did not by any means rank as misfortunes with her .
" Quite delightful !"
Not a puncture , not a weak spot anywhere .
45 : 5 Now therefore be not grieved , nor angry with yourselves , that ye sold me hither : for God did send me before you to preserve life .
Emma could not think it too soon ; for with all his good and agreeable qualities , there was a sort of parade in his speeches which was very apt to incline her to laugh .
6 : 9 Know ye not that the unrighteous shall not inherit the kingdom of God ?
18 : 9 And he spake this parable unto certain which trusted in themselves that they were righteous , and despised others : 18 : 10 Two men went up into the temple to pray ; the one a Pharisee , and the other a publican .
5 : 44 How can ye believe , which receive honour one of another , and seek not the honour that cometh from God only ?
119 : 47 And I will delight myself in thy commandments , which I have loved .
One hates to be officious , to be giving bad impressions , making mischief .
6 : 6 Wherewith shall I come before the LORD , and bow myself before the high God ?
3 : 4 For verily , when we were with you , we told you before that we should suffer tribulation ; even as it came to pass , and ye know .
There is no comparison between them .
Lucky fellow to get anything so soon , with no more interest than his ."
27 : 3 I the LORD do keep it ; I will water it every moment : lest any hurt it , I will keep it night and day .
20 : 26 Then all the children of Israel , and all the people , went up , and came unto the house of God , and wept , and sat there before the LORD , and fasted that day until even , and offered burnt offerings and peace offerings before the LORD .
There can be no doubt of your being a gentleman ' s daughter , and you must support your claim to that station by every thing within your own power , or there will be plenty of people who would take pleasure in degrading you ."
_You_ do not often overpower me with it ."
" What can bring her here so often ?"
20 : 7 And upon the first day of the week , when the disciples came together to break bread , Paul preached unto them , ready to depart on the morrow ; and continued his speech until midnight .
7 : 26 And every one that heareth these sayings of mine , and doeth them not , shall be likened unto a foolish man , which built his house upon the sand : 7 : 27 And the rain descended , and the floods came , and the winds blew , and beat upon that house ; and it fell : and great was the fall of it .
Three months , she says so , positively , as I am going to have the pleasure of reading to you .
130 : 4 But there is forgiveness with thee , that thou mayest be feared .
3 : 4 Let that day be darkness ; let not God regard it from above , neither let the light shine upon it .
But Mrs . Dashwood was alike uninfluenced by either consideration .
10 : 14 And there was no day like that before it or after it , that the LORD hearkened unto the voice of a man : for the LORD fought for Israel .
Mr Elliot was there ; she avoided , but she could pity him .
22 : 4 Therefore said I , Look away from me ; I will weep bitterly , labour not to comfort me , because of the spoiling of the daughter of my people .
united , ( _courtship_ , you know ,) what reverse we have !
Then I knew that this was the word of the LORD .
10 : 10 He croucheth , and humbleth himself , that the poor may fall by his strong ones .
On Mrs . Jennings ' s compassion she had other claims .
The acquaintance she had already formed were unworthy of her .
Your brother has gained my affections entirely , and as we could not live without one another , we are just returned from the altar , and are now on our way to Dawlish for a few weeks , which place your dear brother has great curiosity to see , but thought I would first trouble you with these few lines , and shall always remain ,
Their children had more modern minds and manners .
It had no advantage of situation ; but had been very much smartened up by the present proprietor ; and , such as it was , there could be no possibility of the two friends passing it without a slackened pace and observing eyes .-- Emma ' s remark was --
They look upon his eyes , Filled with deep surprise ; And wondering behold A spirit armed in gold .
12 : 6 And he said , Hear now my words : If there be a prophet among you , I the LORD will make myself known unto him in a vision , and will speak unto him in a dream .
" When I talked of your being altered by time , by the progress of years ," said John Knightley , " I meant to imply the change of situation which time usually brings .
28 : 1 And when they were escaped , then they knew that the island was called Melita .
2 : 27 So Solomon thrust out Abiathar from being priest unto the LORD ; that he might fulfil the word of the LORD , which he spake concerning the house of Eli in Shiloh .
16 : 32 And he reared up an altar for Baal in the house of Baal , which he had built in Samaria .
3 : 4 But after that the kindness and love of God our Saviour toward man appeared , 3 : 5 Not by works of righteousness which we have done , but according to his mercy he saved us , by the washing of regeneration , and renewing of the Holy Ghost ; 3 : 6 Which he shed on us abundantly through Jesus Christ our Saviour ; 3 : 7 That being justified by his grace , we should be made heirs according to the hope of eternal life .
34 : 14 If he set his heart upon man , if he gather unto himself his spirit and his breath ; 34 : 15 All flesh shall perish together , and man shall turn again unto dust .
She hoped when clear of Milsom Street to have her curiosity gratified ; but she was still obliged to wait , for the Admiral had made up his mind not to begin till they had gained the greater space and quiet of Belmont ; and as she was not really Mrs Croft , she must let him have his own way .
11 : 13 If thou prepare thine heart , and stretch out thine hands toward him ; 11 : 14 If iniquity be in thine hand , put it far away , and let not wickedness dwell in thy tabernacles .
16 : 15 He saith unto them , But whom say ye that I am ?
That is the key to a great deal of capacity .
It is very hard indeed that she should not have a little pleasure , because Miss Dashwood does not wish it .
You are trying not to smile ."
They must speak of the accident at Lyme .
Thank Heaven !
I think Mr . John Knightley very far from looking well ."
14 : 63 Then the high priest rent his clothes , and saith , What need we any further witnesses ?
26 : 26 For the king knoweth of these things , before whom also I speak freely : for I am persuaded that none of these things are hidden from him ; for this thing was not done in a corner .
18 : 15 And the south quarter was from the end of Kirjathjearim , and the border went out on the west , and went out to the well of waters of Nephtoah : 18 : 16 And the border came down to the end of the mountain that lieth before the valley of the son of Hinnom , and which is in the valley of the giants on the north , and descended to the valley of Hinnom , to the side of Jebusi on the south , and descended to Enrogel , 18 : 17 And was drawn from the north , and went forth to Enshemesh , and went forth toward Geliloth , which is over against the going up of Adummim , and descended to the stone of Bohan the son of Reuben , 18 : 18 And passed along toward the side over against Arabah northward , and went down unto Arabah : 18 : 19 And the border passed along to the side of Bethhoglah northward : and the outgoings of the border were at the north bay of the salt sea at the south end of Jordan : this was the south coast .
3 : 8 And thou shalt command the priests that bear the ark of the covenant , saying , When ye are come to the brink of the water of Jordan , ye shall stand still in Jordan .
And the more sensibility you betray of their just horrors , the more I shall like you ."
6 : 31 And for the entering of the oracle he made doors of olive tree : the lintel and side posts were a fifth part of the wall .
13 : 40 Beware therefore , lest that come upon you , which is spoken of in the prophets ; 13 : 41 Behold , ye despisers , and wonder , and perish : for I work a work in your days , a work which ye shall in no wise believe , though a man declare it unto you .
" I do not know ."
8 : 31 So the devils besought him , saying , If thou cast us out , suffer us to go away into the herd of swine .
4 : 6 And when the Philistines heard the noise of the shout , they said , What meaneth the noise of this great shout in the camp of the Hebrews ?
And Joash the king of Israel came down unto him , and wept over his face , and said , O my father , my father , the chariot of Israel , and the horsemen thereof .
15 : 4 For whatsoever things were written aforetime were written for our learning , that we through patience and comfort of the scriptures might have hope .
7 : 26 For such an high priest became us , who is holy , harmless , undefiled , separate from sinners , and made higher than the heavens ; 7 : 27 Who needeth not daily , as those high priests , to offer up sacrifice , first for his own sins , and then for the people ' s : for this he did once , when he offered up himself .
" And then their uncle comes in , and tosses them up to the ceiling in a very frightful way !"
Observe her eyes , as she is looking up at my father .-- You will be glad to hear ( inclining his head , and whispering seriously ) that my uncle means to give her all my aunt ' s jewels .
And when he was gone , she almost quarrelled with me -- No , I should not say quarrelled , for we never had a quarrel in our lives ; but she was quite distressed that I had owned the apples were so nearly gone ; she wished I had made him believe we had a great many left .
And I set a great assembly against them .
serve the men of Hamor the father of Shechem : for why should we serve him ?
6 : 16 And the children of Israel , the priests , and the Levites , and the rest of the children of the captivity , kept the dedication of this house of God with joy .
She could not help thinking much of the extraordinary circumstances attending their acquaintance , of the right which he seemed to have to interest her , by everything in situation , by his own sentiments , by his early prepossession .
40 : 28 Hast thou not known ?
Marianne was , of course , kept in ignorance of all these arrangements .
7 : 13 For the seller shall not return to that which is sold , although they were yet alive : for the vision is touching the whole multitude thereof , which shall not return ; neither shall any strengthen himself in the iniquity of his life .
" Happy with a man of libertine practices !-- With one who so injured the peace of the dearest of our friends , and the best of men !-- No -- my Marianne has not a heart to be made happy with such a man !-- Her conscience , her sensitive conscience , would have felt all that the conscience of her husband ought to have felt ."
always my kindest friend on every occasion .
1 : 5 I will therefore put you in remembrance , though ye once knew this , how that the Lord , having saved the people out of the land of Egypt , afterward destroyed them that believed not .
15 : 11 And with Absalom went two hundred men out of Jerusalem , that were called ; and they went in their simplicity , and they knew not any thing .
Mrs . Weston told me you were here .-- Oh !
His dancing proved to be just what she had believed it , extremely good ; and Harriet would have seemed almost too lucky , if it had not been for the cruel state of things before , and for the very complete enjoyment and very high sense of the distinction which her happy features announced .
" I am sure William Larkins will not like it .
4 : 20 For the kingdom of God is not in word , but in power .
2 : 31 The sun shall be turned into darkness , and the moon into blood , before the great and terrible day of the LORD come .
It is , perhaps , our fate rather than our merit .
It was Miss Taylor ' s loss which first brought grief .
" She must be very lively , and have hazle eyes .
It was enough for her that he appeared to be amiable , that he loved her daughter , and that Elinor returned the partiality .
How that visit was to be acknowledged -- what would be necessary -- and what might be safest , had been a point of some doubtful consideration .
21 : 1 And Satan stood up against Israel , and provoked David to number Israel .
5 : 4 And I wept much , because no man was found worthy to open and to read the book , neither to look thereon .
18 : 20 Shall evil be recompensed for good ?
We certainly do not forget you as soon as you forget us .
10 : 2 And the Pharisees came to him , and asked him , Is it lawful for a man to put away his wife ?
53 : 1 The fool hath said in his heart , There is no God .
it is thenceforth good for nothing , but to be cast out , and to be trodden under foot of men .
Colonel Brandon again repeated his sorrow at being the cause of disappointing the party ; but at the same time declared it to be unavoidable .
11 : 32 In Damascus the governor under Aretas the king kept the city of the Damascenes with a garrison , desirous to apprehend me : 11 : 33 And through a window in a basket was I let down by the wall , and escaped his hands .
Mr . Elton was still talking , still engaged in some interesting detail ; and Emma experienced some disappointment when she found that he was only giving his fair companion an account of the yesterday ' s party at his friend Cole ' s , and that she was come in herself for the Stilton cheese , the north Wiltshire , the butter , the cellery , the beet - root , and all the dessert .
31 : 7 Thus was he fair in his greatness , in the length of his branches : for his root was by great waters .
and dost thou restrain wisdom to thyself ?
65 : 6 Behold , it is written before me : I will not keep silence , but will recompense , even recompense into their bosom , 65 : 7 Your iniquities , and the iniquities of your fathers together , saith the LORD , which have burned incense upon the mountains , and blasphemed me upon the hills : therefore will I measure their former work into their bosom .
Is not the life more than meat , and the body than raiment ?
40 : 29 He giveth power to the faint ; and to them that have no might he increaseth strength .
And all the people shall say , Amen .
Her wretchedness I could have borne , but her passion -- her malice -- At all events it must be appeased .
But Harriet rejected the suspicion with spirit .
21 : 25 And thou , profane wicked prince of Israel , whose day is come , when iniquity shall have an end , 21 : 26 Thus saith the Lord GOD ; Remove the diadem , and take off the crown : this shall not be the same : exalt him that is low , and abase him that is high .
13 : 19 But I beseech you the rather to do this , that I may be restored to you the sooner .
7 : 22 So Joshua sent messengers , and they ran unto the tent ; and , behold , it was hid in his tent , and the silver under it .
2 : 4 And if thou bring an oblation of a meat offering baken in the oven , it shall be unleavened cakes of fine flour mingled with oil , or unleavened wafers anointed with oil .
13 : 40 As therefore the tares are gathered and burned in the fire ; so shall it be in the end of this world .
9 : 52 And Abimelech came unto the tower , and fought against it , and went hard unto the door of the tower to burn it with fire .
7 : 2 And he said , Men , brethren , and fathers , hearken ; The God of glory appeared unto our father Abraham , when he was in Mesopotamia , before he dwelt in Charran , 7 : 3 And said unto him , Get thee out of thy country , and from thy kindred , and come into the land which I shall shew thee .
In one of these excursive glances she perceived among a group of young men , the very he , who had given them a lecture on toothpick - cases at Gray ' s .
26 : 19 The sons of Judah were Er and Onan : and Er and Onan died in the land of Canaan .
6 : 20 O Timothy , keep that which is committed to thy trust , avoiding profane and vain babblings , and oppositions of science falsely so called : 6 : 21 Which some professing have erred concerning the faith .
3 : 15 All that are with me salute thee .
36 : 22 Then came Eliakim , the son of Hilkiah , that was over the household , and Shebna the scribe , and Joah , the son of Asaph , the recorder , to Hezekiah with their clothes rent , and told him the words of Rabshakeh .
I have erred against every common - place notion of decorum ; I have been open and sincere where I ought to have been reserved , spiritless , dull , and deceitful -- had I talked only of the weather and the roads , and had I spoken only once in ten minutes , this reproach would have been spared ."
20 : 8 And ye shall keep my statutes , and do them : I am the LORD which sanctify you .
" If it would be good to her , I am sure it would be evil to himself ; a very shameful and degrading connexion .
12 : 12 And Elon the Zebulonite died , and was buried in Aijalon in the country of Zebulun .
Her fortune was large , and our family estate much encumbered .
7 : 27 Her house is the way to hell , going down to the chambers of death .
15 : 21 Folly is joy to him that is destitute of wisdom : but a man of understanding walketh uprightly .
" Well , there _is_ feeling here .-- He does seem to have suffered in finding her ill .-- Certainly , I can have no doubt of his being fond of her .
28 : 19 For the LORD brought Judah low because of Ahaz king of Israel ; for he made Judah naked , and transgressed sore against the LORD .
16 : 21 And there fell upon men a great hail out of heaven , every stone about the weight of a talent : and men blasphemed God because of the plague of the hail ; for the plague thereof was exceeding great .
His eyes were fixed on Marianne , and , after a silence of some minutes , he said , with a faint smile , " Your sister , I understand , does not approve of second attachments ."
9 : 4 And whatsoever house ye enter into , there abide , and thence depart .
are there yet any more sons in my womb , that they may be your husbands ?
31 : 9 Thus God hath taken away the cattle of your father , and given them to me .
26 : 35 And thou shalt set the table without the vail , and the candlestick over against the table on the side of the tabernacle toward the south : and thou shalt put the table on the north side .
31 : 11 And the angel of God spake unto me in a dream , saying , Jacob : And I said , Here am I .
64 : 3 Who whet their tongue like a sword , and bend their bows to shoot their arrows , even bitter words :
His kindness in stepping forward to her relief , the manner , the silence in which it had passed , the little particulars of the circumstance , with the conviction soon forced on her by the noise he was studiously making with the child , that he meant to avoid hearing her thanks , and rather sought to testify that her conversation was the last of his wants , produced such a confusion of varying , but very painful agitation , as she could not recover from , till enabled by the entrance of Mary and the Miss Musgroves to make over her little patient to their cares , and leave the room .
1 : 16 Behold , thou art fair , my beloved , yea , pleasant : also our bed is green .
But this was not judged feasible .
This is the coast of the children of Judah round about according to their families .
33 : 9 So Manasseh made Judah and the inhabitants of Jerusalem to err , and to do worse than the heathen , whom the LORD had destroyed before the children of Israel .
1 : 4 And Judah went up ; and the LORD delivered the Canaanites and the Perizzites into their hand : and they slew of them in Bezek ten thousand men .
27 : 8 And it shall come to pass , that the nation and kingdom which will not serve the same Nebuchadnezzar the king of Babylon , and that will not put their neck under the yoke of the king of Babylon , that nation will I punish , saith the LORD , with the sword , and with the famine , and with the pestilence , until I have consumed them by his hand .
10 : 29 My Father , which gave them me , is greater than all ; and no man is able to pluck them out of my Father ' s hand .
" Who shall answer that question ?"
28 : 62 And ye shall be left few in number , whereas ye were as the stars of heaven for multitude ; because thou wouldest not obey the voice of the LORD thy God .
3 : 13 And he gathered unto him the children of Ammon and Amalek , and went and smote Israel , and possessed the city of palm trees .
" That is very true , and , therefore , I do not know whether , upon the whole , it would not be more advisable to do something for their mother while she lives , rather than for them -- something of the annuity kind I mean .-- My sisters would feel the good effects of it as well as herself .
9 : 17 As yet exaltest thou thyself against my people , that thou wilt not let them go ?
" Aye , that ' s very just , indeed , that ' s very properly said .
It has been so many years my province to give advice , that you cannot be surprized , Mr . Knightley , at this little remains of office ."
He knows he is wrong , and has nothing rational to urge .-- Bad .-- He ought not to have formed the engagement .--` His father ' s disposition :'-- he is unjust , however , to his father .
6 : 1 In the year that king Uzziah died I saw also the LORD sitting upon a throne , high and lifted up , and his train filled the temple .
63 : 16 Doubtless thou art our father , though Abraham be ignorant of us , and Israel acknowledge us not : thou , O LORD , art our father , our redeemer ; thy name is from everlasting .
11 : 1 Also I in the first year of Darius the Mede , even I , stood to confirm and to strengthen him .
108 : 13 Through God we shall do valiantly : for he it is that shall tread down our enemies .
" Come Miss Woodhouse , Miss Otway , Miss Fairfax , what are you all doing ?-- Come Emma , set your companions the example .
so am I .
5 : 16 If any man see his brother sin a sin which is not unto death , he shall ask , and he shall give him life for them that sin not unto death .
The young ladies went , and Lady Middleton was happily preserved from the frightful solitude which had threatened her .
5 : 23 For the husband is the head of the wife , even as Christ is the head of the church : and he is the saviour of the body .
4 : 13 Now when they saw the boldness of Peter and John , and perceived that they were unlearned and ignorant men , they marvelled ; and they took knowledge of them , that they had been with Jesus .
If I had such a memory as Benwick , I could bring you fifty quotations in a moment on my side the argument , and I do not think I ever opened a book in my life which had not something to say upon woman ' s inconstancy .
4 : 5 For all people will walk every one in the name of his god , and we will walk in the name of the LORD our God for ever and ever .
The others returned , the room filled again , benches were reclaimed and repossessed , and another hour of pleasure or of penance was to be sat out , another hour of music was to give delight or the gapes , as real or affected taste for it prevailed .
13 : 40 And the man whose hair is fallen off his head , he is bald ; yet is he clean .
42 : 3 Over against the twenty cubits which were for the inner court , and over against the pavement which was for the utter court , was gallery against gallery in three stories .
Behold , even I have seen it , saith the LORD .
" Oh !
30 : 8 And Rachel said , With great wrestlings have I wrestled with my sister , and I have prevailed : and she called his name Naphtali .
The intermediate month was the one fixed on , as far as they dared , by Emma and Mr .
3 : 17 For thus saith the LORD , Ye shall not see wind , neither shall ye see rain ; yet that valley shall be filled with water , that ye may drink , both ye , and your cattle , and your beasts .
They were not the same , but they were , perhaps , equally good .
10 : 6 And it came to pass , that when he had commanded the man clothed with linen , saying , Take fire from between the wheels , from between the cherubims ; then he went in , and stood beside the wheels .
15 : 17 I sat not in the assembly of the mockers , nor rejoiced ; I sat alone because of thy hand : for thou hast filled me with indignation .
22 : 26 Be not thou one of them that strike hands , or of them that are sureties for debts .
It had been gradually yielding to the better hopes which her looks , or words , or actions occasionally encouraged ; it had been vanquished at last by those sentiments and those tones which had reached him while she talked with Captain Harville ; and under the irresistible governance of which he had seized a sheet of paper , and poured out his feelings .
40 : 8 I delight to do thy will , O my God : yea , thy law is within my heart .
through the greatness of thy power shall thine enemies submit themselves unto thee .
He was gone immediately ; and Emma soon saw him standing before Miss Fairfax , and talking to her ; but as to its effect on the young lady , as he had improvidently placed himself exactly between them , exactly in front of Miss Fairfax , she could absolutely distinguish nothing .
9 : 15 And he brought the people ' s offering , and took the goat , which was the sin offering for the people , and slew it , and offered it for sin , as the first .
" Well , sir , and what said Mrs .
4 : 4 Hear , O our God ; for we are despised : and turn their reproach upon their own head , and give them for a prey in the land of captivity : 4 : 5 And cover not their iniquity , and let not their sin be blotted out from before thee : for they have provoked thee to anger before the builders .
Captain Wentworth turned in to call on his friend ; the others walked on , and he was to join them on the Cobb .
8 : 1 Doth not wisdom cry ?
9 : 17 And when the cloud was taken up from the tabernacle , then after that the children of Israel journeyed : and in the place where the cloud abode , there the children of Israel pitched their tents .
12 : 22 And he said unto his disciples , Therefore I say unto you , Take no thought for your life , what ye shall eat ; neither for the body , what ye shall put on .
And Peter followed afar off .
8 : 17 His roots are wrapped about the heap , and seeth the place of stones .
14 : 30 How much more , if haply the people had eaten freely to day of the spoil of their enemies which they found ?
In Frank ' s last letter she complained , he said , of being too weak to get into her conservatory without having both his arm and his uncle ' s !
The only time I ever really suffered in body or mind , the only time that I ever fancied myself unwell , or had any ideas of danger , was the winter that I passed by myself at Deal , when the Admiral ( Captain Croft then ) was in the North Seas .
Marianne gave a violent start , fixed her eyes upon Elinor , saw her turning pale , and fell back in her chair in hysterics .
Perhaps he had quitted the field , had given Louisa up , had ceased to love , had found he did not love her .
5 : 34 And he said unto them , Can ye make the children of the bridechamber fast , while the bridegroom is with them ?
I have a great regard for you and Emma ; but when it comes to the question of dependence or independence !-- At any rate , it must be better to have only one to please than two ."
5 : 11 And they did eat of the old corn of the land on the morrow after the passover , unleavened cakes , and parched corn in the selfsame day .
4 : 3 And in every province , whithersoever the king ' s commandment and his decree came , there was great mourning among the Jews , and fasting , and weeping , and wailing ; and many lay in sackcloth and ashes .
Now therefore , O God , strengthen my hands .
This was the knowledge of herself , on the first question of inquiry , which she reached ; and without being long in reaching it .-- She was most sorrowfully indignant ; ashamed of every sensation but the one revealed to her -- her affection for Mr .
29 : 33 And the consecrated things were six hundred oxen and three thousand sheep .
A DIVINE IMAGE
3 : 9 For then will I turn to the people a pure language , that they may all call upon the name of the LORD , to serve him with one consent .
Besides in the present case , I really thought some explanation was due to you after my making such particular inquiries about Edward ' s mother ; and I am so unfortunate , that I have not a creature whose advice I can ask .
10 : 37 If I do not the works of my Father , believe me not .
He had more than the ordinary triumph of accepted love to swell his heart , and raise his spirits .
" I cannot wish to be snowed up a week at Randalls ."
9 : 3 For I could wish that myself were accursed from Christ for my brethren , my kinsmen according to the flesh : 9 : 4 Who are Israelites ; to whom pertaineth the adoption , and the glory , and the covenants , and the giving of the law , and the service of God , and the promises ; 9 : 5 Whose are the fathers , and of whom as concerning the flesh Christ came , who is over all , God blessed for ever .
" As moderate as those of the rest of the world , I believe .
You will allow me to bring Jane Fairfax ?"
7 : 11 Ephraim also is like a silly dove without heart : they call to Egypt , they go to Assyria .
35 : 7 So all the cities which ye shall give to the Levites shall be forty and eight cities : them shall ye give with their suburbs .
27 : 2 When the wicked , even mine enemies and my foes , came upon me to eat up my flesh , they stumbled and fell .
CHAPTER I
I know the summer will pass happily away .
Though she did not feel the first intelligence as she might have done the day before , or an hour before , its interest soon increased ; and before their first conversation was over , she had talked herself into all the sensations of curiosity , wonder and regret , pain and pleasure , as to this fortunate Miss Hawkins , which could conduce to place the Martins under proper subordination in her fancy .
9 : 6 When he had thus spoken , he spat on the ground , and made clay of the spittle , and he anointed the eyes of the blind man with the clay , 9 : 7 And said unto him , Go , wash in the pool of Siloam , ( which is by interpretation , Sent .)
36 : 6 Against him came up Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon , and bound him in fetters , to carry him to Babylon .
14 : 25 He restored the coast of Israel from the entering of Hamath unto the sea of the plain , according to the word of the LORD God of Israel , which he spake by the hand of his servant Jonah , the son of Amittai , the prophet , which was of Gathhepher .
" I think Lady Russell would like him .
30 : 14 And they arose and took away the altars that were in Jerusalem , and all the altars for incense took they away , and cast them into the brook Kidron .
Perry tells me that Mr . Cole never touches malt liquor .
2 : 29 And the name of the wife of Abishur was Abihail , and she bare him Ahban , and Molid .
Pray be so good as to mention to the other gentlemen that we hope to see your whole party this evening .
It was put an end to by Mrs . Dashwood , who felt obliged to hope that he had left Mrs . Ferrars very well .
and who is he to whom the mouth of the LORD hath spoken , that he may declare it , for what the land perisheth and is burned up like a wilderness , that none passeth through ?
72 : 20 The prayers of David the son of Jesse are ended .
Lord !
4 : 11 I am afraid of you , lest I have bestowed upon you labour in vain .
11 : 43 And Solomon slept with his fathers , and was buried in the city of David his father : and Rehoboam his son reigned in his stead .
2 : 3 And I wrote this same unto you , lest , when I came , I should have sorrow from them of whom I ought to rejoice ; having confidence in you all , that my joy is the joy of you all .
If it were love , it might be simple , single , successless love on her side alone .
But why should not I wear pink ribbons ?
5 : 11 He answered them , He that made me whole , the same said unto me , Take up thy bed , and walk .
" Yes : but a young lady -- a bride -- I ought to have paid my respects to her if possible .
4 : 1 How is the gold become dim !
" And mine ," said Mr . Knightley warmly , " is , that if he turn out any thing like it , he will be the most insufferable fellow breathing !
Remember how few minutes I was at Randalls , and in how bewildered , how mad a state : and I am not much better yet ; still insane either from happiness or misery .
23 : 5 If thou see the ass of him that hateth thee lying under his burden , and wouldest forbear to help him , thou shalt surely help with him .
36 : 1 Also , thou son of man , prophesy unto the mountains of Israel , and say , Ye mountains of Israel , hear the word of the LORD : 36 : 2 Thus saith the Lord GOD ; Because the enemy hath said against you , Aha , even the ancient high places are ours in possession : 36 : 3 Therefore prophesy and say , Thus saith the Lord GOD ; Because they have made you desolate , and swallowed you up on every side , that ye might be a possession unto the residue of the heathen , and ye are taken up in the lips of talkers , and are an infamy of the people : 36 : 4 Therefore , ye mountains of Israel , hear the word of the Lord GOD ; Thus saith the Lord GOD to the mountains , and to the hills , to the rivers , and to the valleys , to the desolate wastes , and to the cities that are forsaken , which became a prey and derision to the residue of the heathen that are round about ; 36 : 5 Therefore thus saith the Lord GOD ; Surely in the fire of my jealousy have I spoken against the residue of the heathen , and against all Idumea , which have appointed my land into their possession with the joy of all their heart , with despiteful minds , to cast it out for a prey .
yes , yes , there is not a word to be said against James Benwick .
Ah !
She had long resolved that one - and - twenty should be the period .
10 : 9 He was a mighty hunter before the LORD : wherefore it is said , Even as Nimrod the mighty hunter before the LORD .
6 : 8 Be not ye therefore like unto them : for your Father knoweth what things ye have need of , before ye ask him .
12 : 29 And of the children of Benjamin , the kindred of Saul , three thousand : for hitherto the greatest part of them had kept the ward of the house of Saul .
6 : 14 And the cart came into the field of Joshua , a Bethshemite , and stood there , where there was a great stone : and they clave the wood of the cart , and offered the kine a burnt offering unto the LORD .
45 : 5 And seekest thou great things for thyself ?
15 : 8 And if he that hath the issue spit upon him that is clean ; then he shall wash his clothes , and bathe himself in water , and be unclean until the even .
22 : 7 And when the sun is down , he shall be clean , and shall afterward eat of the holy things ; because it is his food .
And we will make the dear little love some amends for her disappointment to - morrow , and then I hope she will not much mind it ."
A superior performer !-- very far from it , I assure you .
1 : 8 And it came to pass , that while he executed the priest ' s office before God in the order of his course , 1 : 9 According to the custom of the priest ' s office , his lot was to burn incense when he went into the temple of the Lord .
28 : 19 Go ye therefore , and teach all nations , baptizing them in the name of the Father , and of the Son , and of the Holy Ghost : 28 : 20 Teaching them to observe all things whatsoever I have commanded you : and , lo , I am with you alway , even unto the end of the world .
32 : 30 And it came to pass on the morrow , that Moses said unto the people , Ye have sinned a great sin : and now I will go up unto the LORD ; peradventure I shall make an atonement for your sin .
2 : 15 Woe unto him that giveth his neighbour drink , that puttest thy bottle to him , and makest him drunken also , that thou mayest look on their nakedness !
8 : 19 And he killed it ; and Moses sprinkled the blood upon the altar round about .
yes ; certainly ."
6 : 19 And he dealt among all the people , even among the whole multitude of Israel , as well to the women as men , to every one a cake of bread , and a good piece of flesh , and a flagon of wine .
He had done , and was unanswered .
143 : 8 Cause me to hear thy lovingkindness in the morning ; for in thee do I trust : cause me to know the way wherein I should walk ; for I lift up my soul unto thee .
And I said , I see a rod of an almond tree .
I shall be truly glad to have them back again .
" About Jane Fairfax .
" Though we have seen him once or twice at my uncle ' s , it is rather too much to pretend to know him very well ."
18 : 21 Moreover thou shalt provide out of all the people able men , such as fear God , men of truth , hating covetousness ; and place such over them , to be rulers of thousands , and rulers of hundreds , rulers of fifties , and rulers of tens : 18 : 22 And let them judge the people at all seasons : and it shall be , that every great matter they shall bring unto thee , but every small matter they shall judge : so shall it be easier for thyself , and they shall bear the burden with thee .
7 : 1 And it came to pass , when the king sat in his house , and the LORD had given him rest round about from all his enemies ; 7 : 2 That the king said unto Nathan the prophet , See now , I dwell in an house of cedar , but the ark of God dwelleth within curtains .
If I should say , I have hope , if I should have an husband also to night , and should also bear sons ; 1 : 13 Would ye tarry for them till they were grown ?
" Oh dear !"
6 : 43 For a good tree bringeth not forth corrupt fruit ; neither doth a corrupt tree bring forth good fruit .
91 : 4 He shall cover thee with his feathers , and under his wings shalt thou trust : his truth shall be thy shield and buckler .
43 : 24 Thou hast bought me no sweet cane with money , neither hast thou filled me with the fat of thy sacrifices : but thou hast made me to serve with thy sins , thou hast wearied me with thine iniquities .
6 : 8 Gilead is a city of them that work iniquity , and is polluted with blood .
24 : 23 And he took up his parable , and said , Alas , who shall live when God doeth this !
5 : 18 And when he was come into the ship , he that had been possessed with the devil prayed him that he might be with him .
11 : 20 And in the morning , as they passed by , they saw the fig tree dried up from the roots .
97 : 2 Clouds and darkness are round about him : righteousness and judgment are the habitation of his throne .
give them a miscarrying womb and dry breasts .
28 : 4 And these are the garments which they shall make ; a breastplate , and an ephod , and a robe , and a broidered coat , a mitre , and a girdle : and they shall make holy garments for Aaron thy brother , and his sons , that he may minister unto me in the priest ' s office .
24 : 22 And ye shall do as I have done : ye shall not cover your lips , nor eat the bread of men .
3 : 8 But truly I am full of power by the spirit of the LORD , and of judgment , and of might , to declare unto Jacob his transgression , and to Israel his sin .
I fancy they are all at Uppercross ."
She soon caught his eye , and he immediately bowed , but without attempting to speak to her , or to approach Marianne , though he could not but see her ; and then continued his discourse with the same lady .
12 : 2 And it came to pass , that in the fifth year of king Rehoboam Shishak king of Egypt came up against Jerusalem , because they had transgressed against the LORD , 12 : 3 With twelve hundred chariots , and threescore thousand horsemen : and the people were without number that came with him out of Egypt ; the Lubims , the Sukkiims , and the Ethiopians .
Marianne would not let her proceed ;-- and Elinor , satisfied that each felt their own error , wished to avoid any survey of the past that might weaken her sister ' s spirits ; she , therefore , pursuing the first subject , immediately continued ,
saith the LORD of hosts .
Her mind was in a state of flutter and wonder , which made it impossible for her to be collected .
16 : 18 Then answered one of the servants , and said , Behold , I have seen a son of Jesse the Bethlehemite , that is cunning in playing , and a mighty valiant man , and a man of war , and prudent in matters , and a comely person , and the LORD is with him .
His appearance however was not unpleasing , in spite of his being in the opinion of Marianne and Margaret an absolute old bachelor , for he was on the wrong side of five and thirty ; but though his face was not handsome , his countenance was sensible , and his address was particularly gentlemanlike .
8 : 8 And it shall be , when ye have taken the city , that ye shall set the city on fire : according to the commandment of the LORD shall ye do .
25 : 33 And if a man purchase of the Levites , then the house that was sold , and the city of his possession , shall go out in the year of jubile : for the houses of the cities of the Levites are their possession among the children of Israel .
Why was she to suspect herself of another motive ?
9 : 14 And the men took of their victuals , and asked not counsel at the mouth of the LORD .
24 : 10 Then Paul , after that the governor had beckoned unto him to speak , answered , Forasmuch as I know that thou hast been of many years a judge unto this nation , I do the more cheerfully answer for myself : 24 : 11 Because that thou mayest understand , that there are yet but twelve days since I went up to Jerusalem for to worship .
But when satisfied on all these points , and their acquaintance proportionably advanced , he contrived to find an opportunity , while their two fathers were engaged with each other , of introducing his mother - in - law , and speaking of her with so much handsome praise , so much warm admiration , so much gratitude for the happiness she secured to his father , and her very kind reception of himself , as was an additional proof of his knowing how to please -- and of his certainly thinking it worth while to try to please her .
69 : 24 Pour out thine indignation upon them , and let thy wrathful anger take hold of them .
5 : 21 And the scribes and the Pharisees began to reason , saying , Who is this which speaketh blasphemies ?
I had imagined you were consulting me only as to the wording of it ."
There could be no doubt as to Miss Elliot .
27 : 20 And if he will not redeem the field , or if he have sold the field to another man , it shall not be redeemed any more .
7 : 23 And he made a molten sea , ten cubits from the one brim to the other : it was round all about , and his height was five cubits : and a line of thirty cubits did compass it round about .
5 : 12 And it came to pass , when he was in a certain city , behold a man full of leprosy : who seeing Jesus fell on his face , and besought him , saying , Lord , if thou wilt , thou canst make me clean .
7 : 1 Then Elisha said , Hear ye the word of the LORD ; Thus saith the LORD , To morrow about this time shall a measure of fine flour be sold for a shekel , and two measures of barley for a shekel , in the gate of Samaria .
22 : 29 And when ye will offer a sacrifice of thanksgiving unto the LORD , offer it at your own will .
50 : 37 A sword is upon their horses , and upon their chariots , and upon all the mingled people that are in the midst of her ; and they shall become as women : a sword is upon her treasures ; and they shall be robbed .
14 : 7 They that dwell under his shadow shall return ; they shall revive as the corn , and grow as the vine : the scent thereof shall be as the wine of Lebanon .
19 : 21 So he brought him into his house , and gave provender unto the asses : and they washed their feet , and did eat and drink .
11 : 8 And David said to Uriah , Go down to thy house , and wash thy feet .
6 : 2 Then the twelve called the multitude of the disciples unto them , and said , It is not reason that we should leave the word of God , and serve tables .
50 : 15 Shout against her round about : she hath given her hand : her foundations are fallen , her walls are thrown down : for it is the vengeance of the LORD : take vengeance upon her ; as she hath done , do unto her .
This is also vanity and vexation of spirit .
Their minds most dissimilar !
7 : 41 There was a certain creditor which had two debtors : the one owed five hundred pence , and the other fifty .
7 : 38 The children of Senaah , three thousand nine hundred and thirty .
And it was told him , saying , Behold , he is in Dothan .
5 : 30 I can of mine own self do nothing : as I hear , I judge : and my judgment is just ; because I seek not mine own will , but the will of the Father which hath sent me .
1 : 20 Wisdom crieth without ; she uttereth her voice in the streets : 1 : 21 She crieth in the chief place of concourse , in the openings of the gates : in the city she uttereth her words , saying , 1 : 22 How long , ye simple ones , will ye love simplicity ?
11 : 4 And they said , Go to , let us build us a city and a tower , whose top may reach unto heaven ; and let us make us a name , lest we be scattered abroad upon the face of the whole earth .
5 : 12 For I know your manifold transgressions and your mighty sins : they afflict the just , they take a bribe , and they turn aside the poor in the gate from their right .
8 : 14 And when Jesus was come into Peter ' s house , he saw his wife ' s mother laid , and sick of a fever .
27 : 22 And if a man sanctify unto the LORD a field which he hath bought , which is not of the fields of his possession ; 27 : 23 Then the priest shall reckon unto him the worth of thy estimation , even unto the year of the jubile : and he shall give thine estimation in that day , as a holy thing unto the LORD .
If she can hesitate as to ` Yes ,' she ought to say ` No ' directly .
28 : 30 And Paul dwelt two whole years in his own hired house , and received all that came in unto him , 28 : 31 Preaching the kingdom of God , and teaching those things which concern the Lord Jesus Christ , with all confidence , no man forbidding him .
73 : 24 Thou shalt guide me with thy counsel , and afterward receive me to glory .
This argument was irresistible .
And he laid him down upon his bed , and turned away his face , and would eat no bread .
30 : 5 And Bilhah conceived , and bare Jacob a son .
1 : 6 And she conceived again , and bare a daughter .
5 : 42 And straightway the damsel arose , and walked ; for she was of the age of twelve years .
36 : 19 And they burnt the house of God , and brake down the wall of Jerusalem , and burnt all the palaces thereof with fire , and destroyed all the goodly vessels thereof .
2 : 10 And the angel said unto them , Fear not : for , behold , I bring you good tidings of great joy , which shall be to all people .
31 : 34 Now Rachel had taken the images , and put them in the camel ' s furniture , and sat upon them .
6 : 2 And it was found written , that Mordecai had told of Bigthana and Teresh , two of the king ' s chamberlains , the keepers of the door , who sought to lay hand on the king Ahasuerus .
13 : 11 And it shall be when the LORD shall bring thee into the land of the Canaanites , as he sware unto thee and to thy fathers , and shall give it thee , 13 : 12 That thou shalt set apart unto the LORD all that openeth the matrix , and every firstling that cometh of a beast which thou hast ; the males shall be the LORD ' s .
136 : 7 To him that made great lights : for his mercy endureth for ever :
I have been acting contrary to all my sense of right ; and the fortunate turn that every thing has taken , and the kindness I am now receiving , is what my conscience tells me ought not to be .'
22 : 20 Go up to Lebanon , and cry ; and lift up thy voice in Bashan , and cry from the passages : for all thy lovers are destroyed .
" Depend upon me -- but ask no more questions .
29 : 25 I chose out their way , and sat chief , and dwelt as a king in the army , as one that comforteth the mourners .
If she had only made me a formal courtesy , for instance , without saying a word , and never after had took any notice of me , and never looked at me in a pleasant way -- you know what I mean -- if I had been treated in that forbidding sort of way , I should have gave it all up in despair .
Elinor smiled again , to hear her sister describing so accurately their future expenses at Combe Magna .
Mrs . Palmer and two elderly ladies of Mrs . Jennings ' s intimate acquaintance , whom she had met and invited in the morning , dined with them .
2 : 10 And the child grew , and she brought him unto Pharaoh ' s daughter , and he became her son .
2 : 17 These are wells without water , clouds that are carried with a tempest ; to whom the mist of darkness is reserved for ever .
66 : 16 For by fire and by his sword will the LORD plead with all flesh : and the slain of the LORD shall be many .
10 : 2 In those days I Daniel was mourning three full weeks .
3 : 16 And it came to pass at the end of seven days , that the word of the LORD came unto me , saying , 3 : 17 Son of man , I have made thee a watchman unto the house of Israel : therefore hear the word at my mouth , and give them warning from me .
reciprocal compliments , which would have been esteemed about equal .
He begged to be shewn the house which his father had lived in so long , and which had been the home of his father ' s father ; and on recollecting that an old woman who had nursed him was still living , walked in quest of her cottage from one end of the street to the other ; and though in some points of pursuit or observation there was no positive merit , they shewed , altogether , a good - will towards Highbury in general , which must be very like a merit to those he was with .
25 : 16 Then he that had received the five talents went and traded with the same , and made them other five talents .
122 : 6 Pray for the peace of Jerusalem : they shall prosper that love thee .
She dreaded the performance of it , dreaded what its effect on Marianne might be ; doubted whether after such an explanation she could ever be happy with another ; and for a moment wished Willoughby a widower .
10 : 7 And when the angel which spake unto Cornelius was departed , he called two of his household servants , and a devout soldier of them that waited on him continually ; 10 : 8 And when he had declared all these things unto them , he sent them to Joppa .
Good heavens !
7 : 16 They shall hunger no more , neither thirst any more ; neither shall the sun light on them , nor any heat .
" I certainly did not seek your confidence ," said Elinor ; " but you do me no more than justice in imagining that I may be depended on .
" At any rate ," said Elinor , wishing to prevent Mrs . Jennings from seeing her sister ' s thoughts as clearly as she did , " I dare say we shall have Sir John and Lady Middleton in town by the end of next week ."
He was courting her week after week .
7 : 16 The children of Bebai , six hundred twenty and eight .
22 : 1 Then David said , This is the house of the LORD God , and this is the altar of the burnt offering for Israel .
7 : 13 And now , because ye have done all these works , saith the LORD , and I spake unto you , rising up early and speaking , but ye heard not ; and I called you , but ye answered not ; 7 : 14 Therefore will I do unto this house , which is called by my name , wherein ye trust , and unto the place which I gave to you and to your fathers , as I have done to Shiloh .
" What !
21 : 28 For ye say , Where is the house of the prince ?
Her heart was really grieved .
testify against me .
4 : 1 And the angel that talked with me came again , and waked me , as a man that is wakened out of his sleep .
119 : 146 I cried unto thee ; save me , and I shall keep thy testimonies .
" Look here ," said he , unfolding a parcel in his hand , and displaying a small miniature painting , " do you know who that is ?"
1 : 40 The sons of Shobal ; Alian , and Manahath , and Ebal , Shephi , and Onam .
3 : 13 Christ hath redeemed us from the curse of the law , being made a curse for us : for it is written , Cursed is every one that hangeth on a tree : 3 : 14 That the blessing of Abraham might come on the Gentiles through Jesus Christ ; that we might receive the promise of the Spirit through faith .
17 : 5 And he had an helmet of brass upon his head , and he was armed with a coat of mail ; and the weight of the coat was five thousand shekels of brass .
15 : 27 And they came to Elim , where were twelve wells of water , and threescore and ten palm trees : and they encamped there by the waters .
42 : 20 Seeing many things , but thou observest not ; opening the ears , but he heareth not .
34 : 25 Therefore he knoweth their works , and he overturneth them in the night , so that they are destroyed .
9 : 10 And they had tails like unto scorpions , and there were stings in their tails : and their power was to hurt men five months .
how art thou cut down to the ground , which didst weaken the nations !
37 : 21 And say unto them , Thus saith the Lord GOD ; Behold , I will take the children of Israel from among the heathen , whither they be gone , and will gather them on every side , and bring them into their own land : 37 : 22 And I will make them one nation in the land upon the mountains of Israel ; and one king shall be king to them all : and they shall be no more two nations , neither shall they be divided into two kingdoms any more at all .
" Perfectly , perfectly right , my dearest Harriet ; you are doing just what you ought .
24 : 7 For the sons of Athaliah , that wicked woman , had broken up the house of God ; and also all the dedicated things of the house of the LORD did they bestow upon Baalim .
He had been remarkably handsome in his youth ; and , at fifty - four , was still a very fine man .
She proved to be the daughter of a tradesman , rich enough to afford her the comfortable maintenance which had ever been hers , and decent enough to have always wished for concealment .-- Such was the blood of gentility which Emma had formerly been so ready to vouch for !-- It was likely to be as untainted , perhaps , as the blood of many a gentleman : but what a connexion had she been preparing for Mr . Knightley -- or for the Churchills -- or even for Mr .
7 : 32 They are like unto children sitting in the marketplace , and calling one to another , and saying , We have piped unto you , and ye have not danced ; we have mourned to you , and ye have not wept .
The visit was paid , their acquaintance re - established , their interest in each other more than re - kindled .
23 : 9 For the LORD hath driven out from before you great nations and strong : but as for you , no man hath been able to stand before you unto this day .
23 : 31 And I will set thy bounds from the Red sea even unto the sea of the Philistines , and from the desert unto the river : for I will deliver the inhabitants of the land into your hand ; and thou shalt drive them out before thee .
26 : 56 According to the lot shall the possession thereof be divided between many and few .
39 : 1 In the ninth year of Zedekiah king of Judah , in the tenth month , came Nebuchadrezzar king of Babylon and all his army against Jerusalem , and they besieged it .
26 : 13 And I will cause the noise of thy songs to cease ; and the sound of thy harps shall be no more heard .
" I am , & c ."
Mr Shepherd hastened to assure him , that Admiral Croft was a very hale , hearty , well - looking man , a little weather - beaten , to be sure , but not much , and quite the gentleman in all his notions and behaviour ; not likely to make the smallest difficulty about terms , only wanted a comfortable home , and to get into it as soon as possible ; knew he must pay for his convenience ; knew what rent a ready - furnished house of that consequence might fetch ; should not have been surprised if Sir Walter had asked more ; had inquired about the manor ; would be glad of the deputation , certainly , but made no great point of it ; said he sometimes took out a gun , but never killed ; quite the gentleman .
Knightley ' s words dwelt with her .
4 : 20 And he shall do with the bullock as he did with the bullock for a sin offering , so shall he do with this : and the priest shall make an atonement for them , and it shall be forgiven them .
11 : 11 Then Jephthah went with the elders of Gilead , and the people made him head and captain over them : and Jephthah uttered all his words before the LORD in Mizpeh .
3 : 17 And this I say , that the covenant , that was confirmed before of God in Christ , the law , which was four hundred and thirty years after , cannot disannul , that it should make the promise of none effect .
5 : 42 But I know you , that ye have not the love of God in you .
And he said , Behold , thou shalt see it with thine eyes , but shalt not eat thereof .
Elinor looked as if she wished to hear more .
2 : 8 So it came to pass , when the king ' s commandment and his decree was heard , and when many maidens were gathered together unto Shushan the palace , to the custody of Hegai , that Esther was brought also unto the king ' s house , to the custody of Hegai , keeper of the women .
Every body who sees it is struck by its beauty ; but to me , it has been quite a home .
She was a little shocked at the want of two drawing rooms , at the poor attempt at rout - cakes , and there being no ice in the Highbury card - parties .
6 : 38 He saith unto them , How many loaves have ye ?
34 : 1 Josiah was eight years old when he began to reign , and he reigned in Jerusalem one and thirty years .
She could not speak another word .-- Her voice was lost ; and she sat down , waiting in great terror till Harriet should answer .
behold , their ear is uncircumcised , and they cannot hearken : behold , the word of the LORD is unto them a reproach ; they have no delight in it .
She doted on him ."
Chapter 17
They were engaged about the end of that time to attend Lady Middleton to a party , from which Mrs . Jennings was kept away by the indisposition of her youngest daughter ; and for this party , Marianne , wholly dispirited , careless of her appearance , and seeming equally indifferent whether she went or staid , prepared , without one look of hope or one expression of pleasure .
You are quite mistaken .
I , and only I , knew your heart and its sorrows ; yet to what did it influence me ?-- not to any compassion that could benefit you or myself .-- Your example was before me ; but to what avail ?-- Was I more considerate of you and your comfort ?
6 : 12 For we wrestle not against flesh and blood , but against principalities , against powers , against the rulers of the darkness of this world , against spiritual wickedness in high places .
48 : 6 And by the border of Ephraim , from the east side even unto the west side , a portion for Reuben .
32 : 9 And the LORD said unto Moses , I have seen this people , and , behold , it is a stiffnecked people : 32 : 10 Now therefore let me alone , that my wrath may wax hot against them , and that I may consume them : and I will make of thee a great nation .
But before she was half way upstairs she heard the parlour door open , and , turning round , was astonished to see Edward himself come out .
CHAPTER 40
78 : 45 He sent divers sorts of flies among them , which devoured them ; and frogs , which destroyed them .
33 : 24 And the inhabitant shall not say , I am sick : the people that dwell therein shall be forgiven their iniquity .
37 : 16 And he made the vessels which were upon the table , his dishes , and his spoons , and his bowls , and his covers to cover withal , of pure gold .
46 : 18 As I live , saith the King , whose name is the LORD of hosts , Surely as Tabor is among the mountains , and as Carmel by the sea , so shall he come .
` The consequence ,' said she , ` has been a state of perpetual suffering to me ; and so it ought .
" Ah !-- so you say ; but I cannot believe it ."
57 : 7 Upon a lofty and high mountain hast thou set thy bed : even thither wentest thou up to offer sacrifice .
A small green court was the whole of its demesne in front ; and a neat wicket gate admitted them into it .
Remember that I stood before thee to speak good for them , and to turn away thy wrath from them .
Then Satan answered the LORD , and said , From going to and fro in the earth , and from walking up and down in it .
13 : 17 For verily I say unto you , That many prophets and righteous men have desired to see those things which ye see , and have not seen them ; and to hear those things which ye hear , and have not heard them .
105 : 35 And did eat up all the herbs in their land , and devoured the fruit of their ground .
8 : 24 Then answered Simon , and said , Pray ye to the LORD for me , that none of these things which ye have spoken come upon me .
` I will not say , that since I entered into the engagement I have not had some happy moments ; but I can say , that I have never known the blessing of one tranquil hour :'-- and the quivering lip , Emma , which uttered it , was an attestation that I felt at my heart ."
139 : 16 Thine eyes did see my substance , yet being unperfect ; and in thy book all my members were written , which in continuance were fashioned , when as yet there was none of them .
3 : 10 And next unto them repaired Jedaiah the son of Harumaph , even over against his house .
" If you had been a week later at Lisbon , last spring , Frederick , you would have been asked to give a passage to Lady Mary Grierson and her daughters ."
Anne went home to think over all that she had heard .
3 : 6 The LORD said also unto me in the days of Josiah the king , Hast thou seen that which backsliding Israel hath done ?
1 : 14 Wherefore they cried unto the LORD , and said , We beseech thee , O LORD , we beseech thee , let us not perish for this man ' s life , and lay not upon us innocent blood : for thou , O LORD , hast done as it pleased thee .
Mr . Knightley , he is _not_ a trifling , silly young man .
8 : 12 The sons of Elpaal ; Eber , and Misham , and Shamed , who built Ono , and Lod , with the towns thereof : 8 : 13 Beriah also , and Shema , who were heads of the fathers of the inhabitants of Aijalon , who drove away the inhabitants of Gath : 8 : 14 And Ahio , Shashak , and Jeremoth , 8 : 15 And Zebadiah , and Arad , and Ader , 8 : 16 And Michael , and Ispah , and Joha , the sons of Beriah ; 8 : 17 And Zebadiah , and Meshullam , and Hezeki , and Heber , 8 : 18 Ishmerai also , and Jezliah , and Jobab , the sons of Elpaal ; 8 : 19 And Jakim , and Zichri , and Zabdi , 8 : 20 And Elienai , and Zilthai , and Eliel , 8 : 21 And Adaiah , and Beraiah , and Shimrath , the sons of Shimhi ; 8 : 22 And Ishpan , and Heber , and Eliel , 8 : 23 And Abdon , and Zichri , and Hanan , 8 : 24 And Hananiah , and Elam , and Antothijah , 8 : 25 And Iphedeiah , and Penuel , the sons of Shashak ; 8 : 26 And Shamsherai , and Shehariah , and Athaliah , 8 : 27 And Jaresiah , and Eliah , and Zichri , the sons of Jeroham .
7 : 35 And this I speak for your own profit ; not that I may cast a snare upon you , but for that which is comely , and that ye may attend upon the Lord without distraction .
I have seen a great many lists of her drawing - up at various times of books that she meant to read regularly through -- and very good lists they were -- very well chosen , and very neatly arranged -- sometimes alphabetically , and sometimes by some other rule .
" I wish you may not get into a scrape , Harriet , whenever he does marry ;-- I mean , as to being acquainted with his wife -- for though his sisters , from a superior education , are not to be altogether objected to , it does not follow that he might marry any body at all fit for you to notice .
31 : 17 Then my anger shall be kindled against them in that day , and I will forsake them , and I will hide my face from them , and they shall be devoured , and many evils and troubles shall befall them ; so that they will say in that day , Are not these evils come upon us , because our God is not among us ?
4 : 8 Come with me from Lebanon , my spouse , with me from Lebanon : look from the top of Amana , from the top of Shenir and Hermon , from the lions ' dens , from the mountains of the leopards .
8 : 13 And he left them , and entering into the ship again departed to the other side .
25 : 24 And he took all the gold and the silver , and all the vessels that were found in the house of God with Obededom , and the treasures of the king ' s house , the hostages also , and returned to Samaria .
And I hope she will be better off in one respect , and not be induced to go away after it has been her home so long ."
4 : 10 We are fools for Christ ' s sake , but ye are wise in Christ ; we are weak , but ye are strong ; ye are honourable , but we are despised .
Few people who have so compassionate a heart !
What !
Selah .
24 : 17 And he that killeth any man shall surely be put to death .
9 : 2 And the fear of you and the dread of you shall be upon every beast of the earth , and upon every fowl of the air , upon all that moveth upon the earth , and upon all the fishes of the sea ; into your hand are they delivered .
did not I serve with thee for Rachel ?
68 : 32 Sing unto God , ye kingdoms of the earth ; O sing praises unto the Lord ; Selah :
When the enemy shall come in like a flood , the Spirit of the LORD shall lift up a standard against him .
17 : 26 Also to punish the just is not good , nor to strike princes for equity .
7 : 27 For thou , O LORD of hosts , God of Israel , hast revealed to thy servant , saying , I will build thee an house : therefore hath thy servant found in his heart to pray this prayer unto thee .
Amen .
She declared them to be very agreeable girls indeed , which for her ladyship was enthusiastic admiration .
12 : 18 So Samuel called unto the LORD ; and the LORD sent thunder and rain that day : and all the people greatly feared the LORD and Samuel .
37 : 4 Delight thyself also in the LORD : and he shall give thee the desires of thine heart .
Only three of us .-- besides dear Jane at present -- and she really eats nothing -- makes such a shocking breakfast , you would be quite frightened if you saw it .
His wife was not always out of humour , nor his home always uncomfortable ; and in his breed of horses and dogs , and in sporting of every kind , he found no inconsiderable degree of domestic felicity .
All that I had to do , was to avoid you both .
She doubted the sincerity of this assurance no more than he had doubted it himself , and she thought of it for her daughters ' sake with satisfaction , though as for herself she was persuaded that a much smaller provision than 7000L would support her in affluence .
21 : 18 And if men strive together , and one smite another with a stone , or with his fist , and he die not , but keepeth his bed : 21 : 19 If he rise again , and walk abroad upon his staff , then shall he that smote him be quit : only he shall pay for the loss of his time , and shall cause him to be thoroughly healed .
9 : 14 And it shall come to pass , when I bring a cloud over the earth , that the bow shall be seen in the cloud : 9 : 15 And I will remember my covenant , which is between me and you and every living creature of all flesh ; and the waters shall no more become a flood to destroy all flesh .
They shall make known unto you all things which are done here .
20 : 14 And Ahab said , By whom ?
Her sensibility was potent enough !
Mr . Elton seemed very properly struck and delighted by the idea , and was repeating , " No husbands and wives in the case at present indeed , as you observe .
Marianne sighed out her similar apprehension ; and Elinor ' s heart wrung for the feelings of Edward , while braving his mother ' s threats , for a woman who could not reward him .
the sword shall be upon his arm , and upon his right eye : his arm shall be clean dried up , and his right eye shall be utterly darkened .
17 : 27 He that hath knowledge spareth his words : and a man of understanding is of an excellent spirit .
14 : 17 Then said Saul unto the people that were with him , Number now , and see who is gone from us .
1 : 4 I rejoiced greatly that I found of thy children walking in truth , as we have received a commandment from the Father .
23 : 7 And as soon as he knew that he belonged unto Herod ' s jurisdiction , he sent him to Herod , who himself also was at Jerusalem at that time .
31 : 4 For thus hath the LORD spoken unto me , Like as the lion and the young lion roaring on his prey , when a multitude of shepherds is called forth against him , he will not be afraid of their voice , nor abase himself for the noise of them : so shall the LORD of hosts come down to fight for mount Zion , and for the hill thereof .
17 : 1 My breath is corrupt , my days are extinct , the graves are ready for me .
" If it depended only on my inclination , ma ' am , the party at home ( excepting on Mary ' s account ) would not be the smallest impediment .
He rose up , and walked across the room .
And from the wilderness they went to Mattanah : 21 : 19 And from Mattanah to Nahaliel : and from Nahaliel to Bamoth : 21 : 20 And from Bamoth in the valley , that is in the country of Moab , to the top of Pisgah , which looketh toward Jeshimon .
7 : 3 And Samuel spake unto all the house of Israel , saying , If ye do return unto the LORD with all your hearts , then put away the strange gods and Ashtaroth from among you , and prepare your hearts unto the LORD , and serve him only : and he will deliver you out of the hand of the Philistines .
48 : 22 Moreover from the possession of the Levites , and from the possession of the city , being in the midst of that which is the prince ' s , between the border of Judah and the border of Benjamin , shall be for the prince .
13 : 30 Verily I say unto you , that this generation shall not pass , till all these things be done .
I told you that your suspicions would guide mine ."
24 : 23 Then the moon shall be confounded , and the sun ashamed , when the LORD of hosts shall reign in mount Zion , and in Jerusalem , and before his ancients gloriously .
18 : 11 He made darkness his secret place ; his pavilion round about him were dark waters and thick clouds of the skies .
In the country , an unpremeditated dance was very allowable ; but in London , where the reputation of elegance was more important and less easily attained , it was risking too much for the gratification of a few girls , to have it known that Lady Middleton had given a small dance of eight or nine couple , with two violins , and a mere side - board collation .
2 : 24 Ye see then how that by works a man is justified , and not by faith only .
and against whom hast thou exalted thy voice , and lifted up thine eyes on high ?
7 : 20 And so it fell out unto him : for the people trode upon him in the gate , and he died .
5 : 15 And the mean man shall be brought down , and the mighty man shall be humbled , and the eyes of the lofty shall be humbled : 5 : 16 But the LORD of hosts shall be exalted in judgment , and God that is holy shall be sanctified in righteousness .
His abilities in every respect improve as much upon acquaintance as his manners and person .
19 : 1 The heavens declare the glory of God ; and the firmament sheweth his handywork .
12 : 34 For where your treasure is , there will your heart be also .
39 : 10 And it came to pass , as she spake to Joseph day by day , that he hearkened not unto her , to lie by her , or to be with her .
32 : 33 And they have turned unto me the back , and not the face : though I taught them , rising up early and teaching them , yet they have not hearkened to receive instruction .
24 : 3 And Joab said unto the king , Now the LORD thy God add unto the people , how many soever they be , an hundredfold , and that the eyes of my lord the king may see it : but why doth my lord the king delight in this thing ?
It would be a compact of convenience , and the world would be satisfied .
1 : 4 And with you there shall be a man of every tribe ; every one head of the house of his fathers .
1 : 13 Gird yourselves , and lament , ye priests : howl , ye ministers of the altar : come , lie all night in sackcloth , ye ministers of my God : for the meat offering and the drink offering is withholden from the house of your God .
" And is that all you can say for him ?"
13 : 17 And when he had said these things , all his adversaries were ashamed : and all the people rejoiced for all the glorious things that were done by him .
25 : 1 O Lord , thou art my God ; I will exalt thee , I will praise thy name ; for thou hast done wonderful things ; thy counsels of old are faithfulness and truth .
Thus much indeed he was obliged to acknowledge : that he had been constant unconsciously , nay unintentionally ; that he had meant to forget her , and believed it to be done .
3 : 49 And Moses took the redemption money of them that were over and above them that were redeemed by the Levites : 3 : 50 Of the firstborn of the children of Israel took he the money ; a thousand three hundred and threescore and five shekels , after the shekel of the sanctuary : 3 : 51 And Moses gave the money of them that were redeemed unto Aaron and to his sons , according to the word of the LORD , as the LORD commanded Moses .
78 : 47 He destroyed their vines with hail , and their sycomore trees with frost .
She had reason to believe her nearly recovered from her cold , and it was desirable that she should have as much time as possible for getting the better of her other complaint before the gentleman ' s return .
Emma ' s only surprize was that Jane Fairfax should accept those attentions and tolerate Mrs . Elton as she seemed to do .
12 : 18 And it came to pass on the seventh day , that the child died .
118 : 10 All nations compassed me about : but in the name of the LORD will I destroy them .
16 : 17 Thou hast also taken thy fair jewels of my gold and of my silver , which I had given thee , and madest to thyself images of men , and didst commit whoredom with them , 16 : 18 And tookest thy broidered garments , and coveredst them : and thou hast set mine oil and mine incense before them .
11 : 15 What hath my beloved to do in mine house , seeing she hath wrought lewdness with many , and the holy flesh is passed from thee ?
27 : 1 And Moses with the elders of Israel commanded the people , saying , Keep all the commandments which I command you this day .
78 : 28 And he let it fall in the midst of their camp , round about their habitations .
This is what I believe to have happened .
The servants , I suppose , forgot to tell you that Mr . Palmer was not in the house ."
11 : 30 For as Jonas was a sign unto the Ninevites , so shall also the Son of man be to this generation .
And the LORD said , Judah shall go up first .
13 : 3 And the angel of the LORD appeared unto the woman , and said unto her , Behold now , thou art barren , and bearest not : but thou shalt conceive , and bear a son .
" What glorious weather for the Admiral and my sister !
4 : 9 Nevertheless we made our prayer unto our God , and set a watch against them day and night , because of them .
11 : 20 Well ; because of unbelief they were broken off , and thou standest by faith .
His visit afforded her but a very partial satisfaction , while his own enjoyment in it appeared so imperfect .
22 : 36 And when Balak heard that Balaam was come , he went out to meet him unto a city of Moab , which is in the border of Arnon , which is in the utmost coast .
32 : 4 He is the Rock , his work is perfect : for all his ways are judgment : a God of truth and without iniquity , just and right is he .
Anything was possible , anything might be defied rather than suspense .
and unfortunately " ( speaking low and tremulously ) " there are so many who forget to think seriously till it is almost too late ."
No coffee , I thank you , for me -- never take coffee .-- A little tea if you please , sir , by and bye ,-- no hurry -- Oh !
16 : 19 For his sins which he sinned in doing evil in the sight of the LORD , in walking in the way of Jeroboam , and in his sin which he did , to make Israel to sin .
14 : 5 And when he would have put him to death , he feared the multitude , because they counted him as a prophet .
After some time spent in saying little or doing less , Lady Middleton sat down to Cassino , and as Marianne was not in spirits for moving about , she and Elinor luckily succeeding to chairs , placed themselves at no great distance from the table .
the amiable , obliging , gentle Mr .
" I would not wish to do any thing mean ," he replied .
33 : 15 In a dream , in a vision of the night , when deep sleep falleth upon men , in slumberings upon the bed ; 33 : 16 Then he openeth the ears of men , and sealeth their instruction , 33 : 17 That he may withdraw man from his purpose , and hide pride from man .
Tired and woe - begone , Hoarse with making moan , Arm in arm , seven days They traced the desert ways .
7 : 36 He brought them out , after that he had shewed wonders and signs in the land of Egypt , and in the Red sea , and in the wilderness forty years .
48 : 37 For every head shall be bald , and every beard clipped : upon all the hands shall be cuttings , and upon the loins sackcloth .
2 : 1 For yourselves , brethren , know our entrance in unto you , that it was not in vain : 2 : 2 But even after that we had suffered before , and were shamefully entreated , as ye know , at Philippi , we were bold in our God to speak unto you the gospel of God with much contention .
15 : 13 And Samuel came to Saul : and Saul said unto him , Blessed be thou of the LORD : I have performed the commandment of the LORD .
Every circumstance belonging to him was interesting .
2 : 12 Therefore also now , saith the LORD , turn ye even to me with all your heart , and with fasting , and with weeping , and with mourning : 2 : 13 And rend your heart , and not your garments , and turn unto the LORD your God : for he is gracious and merciful , slow to anger , and of great kindness , and repenteth him of the evil .
13 : 13 So David brought not the ark home to himself to the city of David , but carried it aside into the house of Obededom the Gittite .
11 : 3 If the clouds be full of rain , they empty themselves upon the earth : and if the tree fall toward the south , or toward the north , in the place where the tree falleth , there it shall be .
But consider -- you need not be afraid of delegating power to _me_ .
" We cannot suppose ," said Emma , smiling , " that Mr . Elton would hesitate to assure you of there being a _very_ musical society in Highbury ; and I hope you will not find he has outstepped the truth more than may be pardoned , in consideration of the motive ."
" You may esteem him ."
21 : 33 Then the chief captain came near , and took him , and commanded him to be bound with two chains ; and demanded who he was , and what he had done .
2 : 19 Yea , the LORD will answer and say unto his people , Behold , I will send you corn , and wine , and oil , and ye shall be satisfied therewith : and I will no more make you a reproach among the heathen : 2 : 20 But I will remove far off from you the northern army , and will drive him into a land barren and desolate , with his face toward the east sea , and his hinder part toward the utmost sea , and his stink shall come up , and his ill savour shall come up , because he hath done great things .
To Highbury in general it brought no material change .
19 : 23 The sun was risen upon the earth when Lot entered into Zoar .
36 : 5 And Jeremiah commanded Baruch , saying , I am shut up ; I cannot go into the house of the LORD : 36 : 6 Therefore go thou , and read in the roll , which thou hast written from my mouth , the words of the LORD in the ears of the people in the LORD ' s house upon the fasting day : and also thou shalt read them in the ears of all Judah that come out of their cities .
46 : 13 The word that the LORD spake to Jeremiah the prophet , how Nebuchadrezzar king of Babylon should come and smite the land of Egypt .
99 : 7 He spake unto them in the cloudy pillar : they kept his testimonies , and the ordinance that he gave them .
18 : 11 And he continued there a year and six months , teaching the word of God among them .
God forbid .
Troubled , wildered , and forlorn , Dark , benighted , travel - worn , Over many a tangle spray , All heart - broke , I heard her say :
There was a very general ignorance of all naval matters throughout the party ; and he was very much questioned , and especially by the two Miss Musgroves , who seemed hardly to have any eyes but for him , as to the manner of living on board , daily regulations , food , hours , & c ., and their surprise at his accounts , at learning the degree of accommodation and arrangement which was practicable , drew from him some pleasant ridicule , which reminded Anne of the early days when she too had been ignorant , and she too had been accused of supposing sailors to be living on board without anything to eat , or any cook to dress it if there were , or any servant to wait , or any knife and fork to use .
Why an Ear , a whirlpool fierce to draw creations in ?
25 : 24 And in all the land of your possession ye shall grant a redemption for the land .
24 : 32 And they said one to another , Did not our heart burn within us , while he talked with us by the way , and while he opened to us the scriptures ?
3 : 6 In all thy ways acknowledge him , and he shall direct thy paths .
19 : 24 And the LORD said unto him , Away , get thee down , and thou shalt come up , thou , and Aaron with thee : but let not the priests and the people break through to come up unto the LORD , lest he break forth upon them .
18 : 20 And Michal Saul ' s daughter loved David : and they told Saul , and the thing pleased him .
19 : 41 Now in the place where he was crucified there was a garden ; and in the garden a new sepulchre , wherein was never man yet laid .
Merry , merry sparrow !
1 : 6 And every one had four faces , and every one had four wings .
17 : 6 And I saw the woman drunken with the blood of the saints , and with the blood of the martyrs of Jesus : and when I saw her , I wondered with great admiration .
11 : 34 Now when they shall fall , they shall be holpen with a little help : but many shall cleave to them with flatteries .
2 : 34 And we took all his cities at that time , and utterly destroyed the men , and the women , and the little ones , of every city , we left none to remain : 2 : 35 Only the cattle we took for a prey unto ourselves , and the spoil of the cities which we took .
And the king said , Tarry at Jericho until your beards be grown , and then return .
In re - settling themselves there were now many changes , the result of which was favourable for her .
Verily that , when I preach the gospel , I may make the gospel of Christ without charge , that I abuse not my power in the gospel .
They will be extremely glad to see you , I am sure ; and one of my servants shall go with you to shew you the way ."
She had no natural connexions to assist her even with their counsel , and she could not afford to purchase the assistance of the law .
Happy creature !
I could not have answered it to my conscience to let it fall into any other hands .
31 : 12 Gather the people together , men and women , and children , and thy stranger that is within thy gates , that they may hear , and that they may learn , and fear the LORD your God , and observe to do all the words of this law : 31 : 13 And that their children , which have not known any thing , may hear , and learn to fear the LORD your God , as long as ye live in the land whither ye go over Jordan to possess it .
23 : 24 These were the sons of Levi after the house of their fathers ; even the chief of the fathers , as they were counted by number of names by their polls , that did the work for the service of the house of the LORD , from the age of twenty years and upward .
" Ah !
" To me it is faultless .
24 : 19 When thou cuttest down thine harvest in thy field , and hast forgot a sheaf in the field , thou shalt not go again to fetch it : it shall be for the stranger , for the fatherless , and for the widow : that the LORD thy God may bless thee in all the work of thine hands .
And she is a good - natured woman after all .
13 : 1 And as he went out of the temple , one of his disciples saith unto him , Master , see what manner of stones and what buildings are here !
27 : 32 And in their wailing they shall take up a lamentation for thee , and lament over thee , saying , What city is like Tyrus , like the destroyed in the midst of the sea ?
2 : 23 Thou that makest thy boast of the law , through breaking the law dishonourest thou God ?
For thou hast declared this day , that thou regardest neither princes nor servants : for this day I perceive , that if Absalom had lived , and all we had died this day , then it had pleased thee well .
Her family had of late been exceedingly fluctuating .
He would do any good to her , or her family ; but --"
said Anne , suddenly struck by an idea which made her yet more anxious to be encouraging .
8 : 30 And Moses took of the anointing oil , and of the blood which was upon the altar , and sprinkled it upon Aaron , and upon his garments , and upon his sons , and upon his sons ' garments with him ; and sanctified Aaron , and his garments , and his sons , and his sons ' garments with him .
What do you think of him ?
32 : 2 For then the king of Babylon ' s army besieged Jerusalem : and Jeremiah the prophet was shut up in the court of the prison , which was in the king of Judah ' s house .
To Mrs . Jennings , to the Middletons , he has been long and intimately known ; they equally love and respect him ; and even my own knowledge of him , though lately acquired , is very considerable ; and so highly do I value and esteem him , that if Marianne can be happy with him , I shall be as ready as yourself to think our connection the greatest blessing to us in the world .
22 : 28 If a man find a damsel that is a virgin , which is not betrothed , and lay hold on her , and lie with her , and they be found ; 22 : 29 Then the man that lay with her shall give unto the damsel ' s father fifty shekels of silver , and she shall be his wife ; because he hath humbled her , he may not put her away all his days .
33 : 9 For he spake , and it was done ; he commanded , and it stood fast .
tell me , what hast thou in the house ?
20 : 8 And Hezekiah said unto Isaiah , What shall be the sign that the LORD will heal me , and that I shall go up into the house of the LORD the third day ?
" Colonel and Mrs . Campbell are to be in town again by midsummer ," said Jane .
18 : 26 And the watchman saw another man running : and the watchman called unto the porter , and said , Behold another man running alone .
When breakfast was over she walked out by herself , and wandered about the village of Allenham , indulging the recollection of past enjoyment and crying over the present reverse for the chief of the morning .
" I have escaped ; and that I should escape , may be a matter of grateful wonder to you and myself .
30 : 14 They came upon me as a wide breaking in of waters : in the desolation they rolled themselves upon me .
And he sought how he might conveniently betray him .
25 : 34 But the field of the suburbs of their cities may not be sold ; for it is their perpetual possession .
" Great has been the pleasure , I am sure .
Miss Nash , head - teacher at Mrs . Goddard ' s , had written out at least three hundred ; and Harriet , who had taken the first hint of it from her , hoped , with Miss Woodhouse ' s help , to get a great many more .
Mr . Knightley himself would be doing nothing to assist the cure ;-- not like Mr . Elton .
25 : 5 While the bridegroom tarried , they all slumbered and slept .
78 : 38 But he , being full of compassion , forgave their iniquity , and destroyed them not : yea , many a time turned he his anger away , and did not stir up all his wrath .
She knows nothing herself , and looks upon Emma as knowing every thing .
44 : 15 Then shall it be for a man to burn : for he will take thereof , and warm himself ; yea , he kindleth it , and baketh bread ; yea , he maketh a god , and worshippeth it ; he maketh it a graven image , and falleth down thereto .
37 : 4 Again he said unto me , Prophesy upon these bones , and say unto them , O ye dry bones , hear the word of the LORD .
28 : 9 Whom shall he teach knowledge ?
-- with many other relative questions , all answered with patient politeness .
10 : 33 Behold , the Lord , the LORD of hosts , shall lop the bough with terror : and the high ones of stature shall be hewn down , and the haughty shall be humbled .
And it was soon over .
34 : 28 They took their sheep , and their oxen , and their asses , and that which was in the city , and that which was in the field , 34 : 29 And all their wealth , and all their little ones , and their wives took they captive , and spoiled even all that was in the house .
1 : 51 He hath shewed strength with his arm ; he hath scattered the proud in the imagination of their hearts .
15 : 23 And Berechiah and Elkanah were doorkeepers for the ark .
8 : 21 And Samuel heard all the words of the people , and he rehearsed them in the ears of the LORD .
14 : 23 So Joab arose and went to Geshur , and brought Absalom to Jerusalem .
12 : 4 A virtuous woman is a crown to her husband : but she that maketh ashamed is as rottenness in his bones .
I could not help being provoked ; for after all my pains , and when I had really made a very good likeness of it --( Mrs . Weston and I were quite agreed in thinking it _very_ like )-- only too handsome -- too flattering -- but that was a fault on the right side -- after all this , came poor dear Isabella ' s cold approbation of --" Yes , it was a little like -- but to be sure it did not do him justice ."
89 : 17 For thou art the glory of their strength : and in thy favour our horn shall be exalted .
6 : 20 And he lifted up his eyes on his disciples , and said , Blessed be ye poor : for yours is the kingdom of God .
The man replied that none had .
8 : 52 Then said the Jews unto him , Now we know that thou hast a devil .
20 : 12 Though wickedness be sweet in his mouth , though he hide it under his tongue ; 20 : 13 Though he spare it , and forsake it not ; but keep it still within his mouth : 20 : 14 Yet his meat in his bowels is turned , it is the gall of asps within him .
And she said , It shall be well .
42 : 19 Who is blind , but my servant ?
9 : 20 Thou gavest also thy good spirit to instruct them , and withheldest not thy manna from their mouth , and gavest them water for their thirst .
11 : 9 And the LORD said unto Moses , Pharaoh shall not hearken unto you ; that my wonders may be multiplied in the land of Egypt .
4 : 43 And he said unto them , I must preach the kingdom of God to other cities also : for therefore am I sent .
28 : 8 And Saul disguised himself , and put on other raiment , and he went , and two men with him , and they came to the woman by night : and he said , I pray thee , divine unto me by the familiar spirit , and bring me him up , whom I shall name unto thee .
16 : 22 I Tertius , who wrote this epistle , salute you in the Lord .
14 : 34 And Saul said , Disperse yourselves among the people , and say unto them , Bring me hither every man his ox , and every man his sheep , and slay them here , and eat ; and sin not against the LORD in eating with the blood .
3 : 25 He answered and said , Lo , I see four men loose , walking in the midst of the fire , and they have no hurt ; and the form of the fourth is like the Son of God .
If you need farther explanation , I have the honour , my dear madam , of being your husband ' s son , and the advantage of inheriting a disposition to hope for good , which no inheritance of houses or lands can ever equal the value of .-- See me , then , under these circumstances , arriving on my first visit to Randalls ;-- and here I am conscious of wrong , for that visit might have been sooner paid .
5 : 3 And no man in heaven , nor in earth , neither under the earth , was able to open the book , neither to look thereon .
Ten minutes would have been all that was necessary , perhaps all that was proper ; and I had told my father I should certainly be at home before him -- but there was no getting away , no pause ; and , to my utter astonishment , I found , when he ( finding me nowhere else ) joined me there at last , that I had been actually sitting with them very nearly three - quarters of an hour .
21 : 18 Arise , lift up the lad , and hold him in thine hand ; for I will make him a great nation .
" Yes ," he replied , with some embarrassment , " almost ever since ; I have been once or twice at Delaford for a few days , but it has never been in my power to return to Barton ."
Her affection must have overpowered her judgment ."
I was told that they wished it .
34 : 23 Thrice in the year shall all your menchildren appear before the LORD God , the God of Israel .
and the scorners delight in their scorning , and fools hate knowledge ?
I am so ill I can hardly speak .
13 : 24 Wherefore hidest thou thy face , and holdest me for thine enemy ?
It was an arrangement , however , justified in its effects , if not in its cause ; for nothing ever appeared in Robert ' s style of living or of talking to give a suspicion of his regretting the extent of his income , as either leaving his brother too little , or bringing himself too much ;-- and if Edward might be judged from the ready discharge of his duties in every particular , from an increasing attachment to his wife and his home , and from the regular cheerfulness of his spirits , he might be supposed no less contented with his lot , no less free from every wish of an exchange .
18 : 2 And thy brethren also of the tribe of Levi , the tribe of thy father , bring thou with thee , that they may be joined unto thee , and minister unto thee : but thou and thy sons with thee shall minister before the tabernacle of witness .
8 : 9 But of the children of Israel did Solomon make no servants for his work ; but they were men of war , and chief of his captains , and captains of his chariots and horsemen .
6 : 7 But they like men have transgressed the covenant : there have they dealt treacherously against me .
12 : 7 And I did so as I was commanded : I brought forth my stuff by day , as stuff for captivity , and in the even I digged through the wall with mine hand ; I brought it forth in the twilight , and I bare it upon my shoulder in their sight .
THE ANGEL
43 : 6 And Israel said , Wherefore dealt ye so ill with me , as to tell the man whether ye had yet a brother ?
43 : 12 I have declared , and have saved , and I have shewed , when there was no strange god among you : therefore ye are my witnesses , saith the LORD , that I am God .
6 : 13 Then shall ye know that I am the LORD , when their slain men shall be among their idols round about their altars , upon every high hill , in all the tops of the mountains , and under every green tree , and under every thick oak , the place where they did offer sweet savour to all their idols .
I feel for him sincerely ."
Mrs . Jennings , perhaps satisfied with the partial justification of her forebodings which had been found in their late alarm , allowed herself to trust in his judgment , and admitted , with unfeigned joy , and soon with unequivocal cheerfulness , the probability of an entire recovery .
13 : 6 He spake also this parable ; A certain man had a fig tree planted in his vineyard ; and he came and sought fruit thereon , and found none .
" Aye , do , Frank .-- Go and fetch Miss Bates , and let us end the matter at once .
5 : 17 All his days also he eateth in darkness , and he hath much sorrow and wrath with his sickness .
Marianne said no more , but looked exceedingly hurt .
20 : 9 Then Abimelech called Abraham , and said unto him , What hast thou done unto us ?
9 : 11 The fourteenth day of the second month at even they shall keep it , and eat it with unleavened bread and bitter herbs .
Emma could not regret her having gone to Miss Bates , but she wished she had left her ten minutes earlier ;-- it would have been a great pleasure to talk over Jane Fairfax ' s situation with Mr .
The difference of Harriet at Mrs . Goddard ' s , or in London , made perhaps an unreasonable difference in Emma ' s sensations ; but she could not think of her in London without objects of curiosity and employment , which must be averting the past , and carrying her out of herself .
No indeed I am not ."
3 : 47 Fear and a snare is come upon us , desolation and destruction .
6 : 19 And Gideon went in , and made ready a kid , and unleavened cakes of an ephah of flour : the flesh he put in a basket , and he put the broth in a pot , and brought it out unto him under the oak , and presented it .
So the house of Ahaziah had no power to keep still the kingdom .
He took the opposite chair , and for half a minute not a word was said by either .
17 : 36 Thy servant slew both the lion and the bear : and this uncircumcised Philistine shall be as one of them , seeing he hath defied the armies of the living God .
3 : 3 For we are the circumcision , which worship God in the spirit , and rejoice in Christ Jesus , and have no confidence in the flesh .
4 : 17 And the woman conceived , and bare a son at that season that Elisha had said unto her , according to the time of life .
Every thing was explained to him by Mrs . Dashwood , and he found fresh reason to rejoice in what he had done for Mr . Ferrars , since eventually it promoted the interest of Elinor .
2 : 47 And the sons of Jahdai ; Regem , and Jotham , and Gesham , and Pelet , and Ephah , and Shaaph .
I thought them particularly pleasing , and I will answer for it , they would generally please ."
The LORD said to me , Go up against this land , and destroy it .
65 : 4 Blessed is the man whom thou choosest , and causest to approach unto thee , that he may dwell in thy courts : we shall be satisfied with the goodness of thy house , even of thy holy temple .
1 : 32 Of the children of Joseph , namely , of the children of Ephraim , by their generations , after their families , by the house of their fathers , according to the number of the names , from twenty years old and upward , all that were able to go forth to war ; 1 : 33 Those that were numbered of them , even of the tribe of Ephraim , were forty thousand and five hundred .
" He thinks Mrs Clay afraid of him , aware that he sees through her , and not daring to proceed as she might do in his absence .
13 : 9 And Jehoahaz slept with his fathers ; and they buried him in Samaria : and Joash his son reigned in his stead .
14 : 1 And Samson went down to Timnath , and saw a woman in Timnath of the daughters of the Philistines .
31 : 12 Therefore they shall come and sing in the height of Zion , and shall flow together to the goodness of the LORD , for wheat , and for wine , and for oil , and for the young of the flock and of the herd : and their soul shall be as a watered garden ; and they shall not sorrow any more at all .
A small house in their own neighbourhood , where they might still have Lady Russell ' s society , still be near Mary , and still have the pleasure of sometimes seeing the lawns and groves of Kellynch , was the object of her ambition .
5 : 6 Thou shalt destroy them that speak leasing : the LORD will abhor the bloody and deceitful man .
She did not regret it .
14 : 8 Then Amaziah sent messengers to Jehoash , the son of Jehoahaz son of Jehu , king of Israel , saying , Come , let us look one another in the face .
should not the shepherds feed the flocks ?
44 : 6 And thou shalt say to the rebellious , even to the house of Israel , Thus saith the Lord GOD ; O ye house of Israel , let it suffice you of all your abominations , 44 : 7 In that ye have brought into my sanctuary strangers , uncircumcised in heart , and uncircumcised in flesh , to be in my sanctuary , to pollute it , even my house , when ye offer my bread , the fat and the blood , and they have broken my covenant because of all your abominations .
37 : 15 And Hezekiah prayed unto the LORD , saying , 37 : 16 O LORD of hosts , God of Israel , that dwellest between the cherubims , thou art the God , even thou alone , of all the kingdoms of the earth : thou hast made heaven and earth .
So much was pretty soon understood ; but till Sir Walter and Elizabeth were walking Mary into the other drawing - room , and regaling themselves with her admiration , Anne could not draw upon Charles ' s brain for a regular history of their coming , or an explanation of some smiling hints of particular business , which had been ostentatiously dropped by Mary , as well as of some apparent confusion as to whom their party consisted of .
10 : 12 He hath made the earth by his power , he hath established the world by his wisdom , and hath stretched out the heavens by his discretion .
She would not have been puzzled , had she dared fix on them .
7 : 15 Get thee unto Pharaoh in the morning ; lo , he goeth out unto the water ; and thou shalt stand by the river ' s brink against he come ; and the rod which was turned to a serpent shalt thou take in thine hand .
1 : 15 The LORD hath trodden under foot all my mighty men in the midst of me : he hath called an assembly against me to crush my young men : the LORD hath trodden the virgin , the daughter of Judah , as in a winepress .
38 : 22 And I will plead against him with pestilence and with blood ; and I will rain upon him , and upon his bands , and upon the many people that are with him , an overflowing rain , and great hailstones , fire , and brimstone .
" This is very strange !-- sure he need not wait to be older ."
For his own sake , I would not have him do so mad a thing ."
1 : 29 And forthwith , when they were come out of the synagogue , they entered into the house of Simon and Andrew , with James and John .
31 : 33 And Laban went into Jacob ' s tent , and into Leah ' s tent , and into the two maidservants ' tents ; but he found them not .
" I rather doubt that .
29 : 19 And thou shalt take the other ram ; and Aaron and his sons shall put their hands upon the head of the ram .
" It was nearly three years after this unhappy period before I returned to England .
8 : 38 And he commanded the chariot to stand still : and they went down both into the water , both Philip and the eunuch ; and he baptized him .
22 : 12 The eyes of the LORD preserve knowledge , and he overthroweth the words of the transgressor .
18 : 18 Then said they , Come and let us devise devices against Jeremiah ; for the law shall not perish from the priest , nor counsel from the wise , nor the word from the prophet .
51 : 2 Wash me throughly from mine iniquity , and cleanse me from my sin .
14 : 20 And the days which Jeroboam reigned were two and twenty years : and he slept with his fathers , and Nadab his son reigned in his stead .
Though they had now been acquainted a month , she could not be satisfied that she really knew his character .
8 : 17 Bring forth with thee every living thing that is with thee , of all flesh , both of fowl , and of cattle , and of every creeping thing that creepeth upon the earth ; that they may breed abundantly in the earth , and be fruitful , and multiply upon the earth .
16 : 9 For the eyes of the LORD run to and fro throughout the whole earth , to shew himself strong in the behalf of them whose heart is perfect toward him .
2 : 9 When the ruler of the feast had tasted the water that was made wine , and knew not whence it was : ( but the servants which drew the water knew ;) the governor of the feast called the bridegroom , 2 : 10 And saith unto him , Every man at the beginning doth set forth good wine ; and when men have well drunk , then that which is worse : but thou hast kept the good wine until now .
28 : 4 And when the barbarians saw the venomous beast hang on his hand , they said among themselves , No doubt this man is a murderer , whom , though he hath escaped the sea , yet vengeance suffereth not to live .
" You should have distinguished ," replied Anne .
9 : 12 And he slew the burnt offering ; and Aaron ' s sons presented unto him the blood , which he sprinkled round about upon the altar .
29 : 28 And Jacob did so , and fulfilled her week : and he gave him Rachel his daughter to wife also .
34 : 17 Shall even he that hateth right govern ?
30 : 24 For Hezekiah king of Judah did give to the congregation a thousand bullocks and seven thousand sheep ; and the princes gave to the congregation a thousand bullocks and ten thousand sheep : and a great number of priests sanctified themselves .
This was Sir Walter and Elizabeth ' s share of interest in the letter ; when Mrs Clay had paid her tribute of more decent attention , in an enquiry after Mrs Charles Musgrove , and her fine little boys , Anne was at liberty .
" To be sure I did ; very often .
9 : 13 A foolish woman is clamorous : she is simple , and knoweth nothing .
21 : 31 So likewise ye , when ye see these things come to pass , know ye that the kingdom of God is nigh at hand .
" Is Mr . Willoughby much known in your part of Somersetshire ?"
So I said , I was very much obliged to him : you know I could not do less ; and then he went back to Elizabeth , and I came round by the stables -- I believe I did -- but I hardly knew where I was , or any thing about it .
Mama saw him here once before ;-- but I was with my uncle at Weymouth .
27 : 18 Cursed be he that maketh the blind to wander out of the way .
Indeed , when the time draws on , I shall decidedly recommend their bringing the barouche - landau ; it will be so very much preferable .
3 : 17 There the wicked cease from troubling ; and there the weary be at rest .
1 : 45 So were all those that were numbered of the children of Israel , by the house of their fathers , from twenty years old and upward , all that were able to go forth to war in Israel ; 1 : 46 Even all they that were numbered were six hundred thousand and three thousand and five hundred and fifty .
And now she was very conscious that she ought to have prevented them .-- She felt that she had been risking her friend ' s happiness on most insufficient grounds .
It was the only intelligible motive .
3 : 1 Then we turned , and went up the way to Bashan : and Og the king of Bashan came out against us , he and all his people , to battle at Edrei .
42 : 10 The chambers were in the thickness of the wall of the court toward the east , over against the separate place , and over against the building .
36 : 15 And the LORD God of their fathers sent to them by his messengers , rising up betimes , and sending ; because he had compassion on his people , and on his dwelling place : 36 : 16 But they mocked the messengers of God , and despised his words , and misused his prophets , until the wrath of the LORD arose against his people , till there was no remedy .
And he said , Speak on .
10 : 4 And he wrote on the tables , according to the first writing , the ten commandments , which the LORD spake unto you in the mount out of the midst of the fire in the day of the assembly : and the LORD gave them unto me .
28 : 17 And he was afraid , and said , How dreadful is this place !
He had not forgiven Anne Elliot .
" No -- Mrs . Knightley ;-- and till she is in being , I will manage such matters myself ."
These were the sons of Gilead , the son of Machir , the son of Manasseh .
" What is the matter , sir ?-- Did you speak to me ?"
24 : 12 And the LORD said unto Moses , Come up to me into the mount , and be there : and I will give thee tables of stone , and a law , and commandments which I have written ; that thou mayest teach them .
5 : 17 Then the high priest rose up , and all they that were with him , ( which is the sect of the Sadducees ,) and were filled with indignation , 5 : 18 And laid their hands on the apostles , and put them in the common prison .
22 : 22 Blind , or broken , or maimed , or having a wen , or scurvy , or scabbed , ye shall not offer these unto the LORD , nor make an offering by fire of them upon the altar unto the LORD .
27 : 55 And many women were there beholding afar off , which followed Jesus from Galilee , ministering unto him : 27 : 56 Among which was Mary Magdalene , and Mary the mother of James and Joses , and the mother of Zebedees children .
40 : 41 Four tables were on this side , and four tables on that side , by the side of the gate ; eight tables , whereupon they slew their sacrifices .
And the hand of the Lord was with him .
5 : 21 For as the Father raiseth up the dead , and quickeneth them ; even so the Son quickeneth whom he will .
11 : 22 By faith Joseph , when he died , made mention of the departing of the children of Israel ; and gave commandment concerning his bones .
He knows that he is a very handsome young man , and a great favourite wherever he goes ; and from his general way of talking in unreserved moments , when there are only men present , I am convinced that he does not mean to throw himself away .
30 : 16 And when he had brought him down , behold , they were spread abroad upon all the earth , eating and drinking , and dancing , because of all the great spoil that they had taken out of the land of the Philistines , and out of the land of Judah .
And he answered , I am he .
I have loved none but you .
She had no demands on her father or sister , and her consequence was just enough increased by their handsome drawing - rooms .
Short was the time , however , in which that fear could affect her , for within half an hour after Willoughby ' s leaving the house , she was again called down stairs by the sound of another carriage .-- Eager to save her mother from every unnecessary moment ' s horrible suspense , she ran immediately into the hall , and reached the outward door just in time to receive and support her as she entered it .
17 : 51 Therefore David ran , and stood upon the Philistine , and took his sword , and drew it out of the sheath thereof , and slew him , and cut off his head therewith .
2 : 17 Then said I unto them , Ye see the distress that we are in , how Jerusalem lieth waste , and the gates thereof are burned with fire : come , and let us build up the wall of Jerusalem , that we be no more a reproach .
But hush , hush !"
18 : 5 Ye shall therefore keep my statutes , and my judgments : which if a man do , he shall live in them : I am the LORD .
As the sun is out , I believe I had better take my three turns while I can .
6 : 9 And he said , Go , and tell this people , Hear ye indeed , but understand not ; and see ye indeed , but perceive not .
" Pray ," said Mrs Smith , " is Mr Elliot aware of your acquaintance with me ?
The room at the Crown was to witness it ;-- but it would be better than a common meeting in a crowd .
This is the heritage of the servants of the LORD , and their righteousness is of me , saith the LORD .
28 : 6 For Pekah the son of Remaliah slew in Judah an hundred and twenty thousand in one day , which were all valiant men ; because they had forsaken the LORD God of their fathers .
Mr Elliot was rational , discreet , polished , but he was not open .
Was she out with him today ?"
" What ?
6 : 12 And one of his servants said , None , my lord , O king : but Elisha , the prophet that is in Israel , telleth the king of Israel the words that thou speakest in thy bedchamber .
can it be possible for this man to be beginning to transfer his affections from Harriet to me ?-- Absurd and insufferable !"
Not a moment was lost in delay of any kind .
" So you and I are to be left to shift by ourselves , with this poor sick child ; and not a creature coming near us all the evening !
2 : 14 For he is our peace , who hath made both one , and hath broken down the middle wall of partition between us ; 2 : 15 Having abolished in his flesh the enmity , even the law of commandments contained in ordinances ; for to make in himself of twain one new man , so making peace ; 2 : 16 And that he might reconcile both unto God in one body by the cross , having slain the enmity thereby : 2 : 17 And came and preached peace to you which were afar off , and to them that were nigh .
" If I can come again , we are still to have our ball .
dear , I thought it would have been the death of me !
They were so deserving , that a _little_ higher should have been enough : but as it was , how could she have done otherwise ?-- Impossible !-- She could not repent .
18 : 3 And he did that which was right in the sight of the LORD , according to all that David his father did .
She was sensible of all the affection it evinced .
7 : 5 Because Syria , Ephraim , and the son of Remaliah , have taken evil counsel against thee , saying , 7 : 6 Let us go up against Judah , and vex it , and let us make a breach therein for us , and set a king in the midst of it , even the son of Tabeal : 7 : 7 Thus saith the Lord GOD , It shall not stand , neither shall it come to pass .
3 : 10 And yet for all this her treacherous sister Judah hath not turned unto me with her whole heart , but feignedly , saith the LORD .
6 : 7 And the slain shall fall in the midst of you , and ye shall know that I am the LORD .
18 : 28 But the same servant went out , and found one of his fellowservants , which owed him an hundred pence : and he laid hands on him , and took him by the throat , saying , Pay me that thou owest .
Some people even talked of a promise to his wife on her deathbed , and others of the son and the uncle not letting him .
4 : 3 Yea , better is he than both they , which hath not yet been , who hath not seen the evil work that is done under the sun .
But here you are in Bath , and the object is to be established here with all the credit and dignity which ought to belong to Sir Walter Elliot .
27 : 27 And thou shalt have goats ' milk enough for thy food , for the food of thy household , and for the maintenance for thy maidens .
when he had wrought wonderfully among them , did they not let the people go , and they departed ?
36 : 19 Will he esteem thy riches ?
66 : 9 Which holdeth our soul in life , and suffereth not our feet to be moved .
26 : 21 For these causes the Jews caught me in the temple , and went about to kill me .
9 : 12 If others be partakers of this power over you , are not we rather ?
33 : 31 And they departed from Moseroth , and pitched in Benejaakan .
They are both so very large , and take up so much room ; and Mr Musgrove always sits forward .
13 : 42 And when the Jews were gone out of the synagogue , the Gentiles besought that these words might be preached to them the next sabbath .
31 : 40 And the persons were sixteen thousand ; of which the LORD ' s tribute was thirty and two persons .
20 : 4 And I saw thrones , and they sat upon them , and judgment was given unto them : and I saw the souls of them that were beheaded for the witness of Jesus , and for the word of God , and which had not worshipped the beast , neither his image , neither had received his mark upon their foreheads , or in their hands ; and they lived and reigned with Christ a thousand years .
5 : 13 And king Solomon raised a levy out of all Israel ; and the levy was thirty thousand men .
40 : 47 So he measured the court , an hundred cubits long , and an hundred cubits broad , foursquare ; and the altar that was before the house .
4 : 24 If Cain shall be avenged sevenfold , truly Lamech seventy and sevenfold .
31 : 37 Whereas thou hast searched all my stuff , what hast thou found of all thy household stuff ?
" All merged in my friendship , Sophia .
29 : 28 And all the congregation worshipped , and the singers sang , and the trumpeters sounded : and all this continued until the burnt offering was finished .
15 : 26 But when the Comforter is come , whom I will send unto you from the Father , even the Spirit of truth , which proceedeth from the Father , he shall testify of me : 15 : 27 And ye also shall bear witness , because ye have been with me from the beginning .
23 : 12 And he answered and said , Must I not take heed to speak that which the LORD hath put in my mouth ?
Still , however , she had enough to feel !
20 : 14 But the children of Benjamin gathered themselves together out of the cities unto Gibeah , to go out to battle against the children of Israel .
10 : 20 Thou shalt fear the LORD thy God ; him shalt thou serve , and to him shalt thou cleave , and swear by his name .
2 : 7 Then the tribe of Zebulun : and Eliab the son of Helon shall be captain of the children of Zebulun .
6 : 4 All the days of his separation shall he eat nothing that is made of the vine tree , from the kernels even to the husk .
4 : 14 I write not these things to shame you , but as my beloved sons I warn you .
" I must not hope to be ever situated as you are , in the midst of every dearest connexion , and therefore I cannot expect that simply growing older should make me indifferent about letters ."
29 : 12 Then shall ye call upon me , and ye shall go and pray unto me , and I will hearken unto you .
how readest thou ?
18 : 29 Pilate then went out unto them , and said , What accusation bring ye against this man ?
On the morning appointed for Admiral and Mrs Croft ' s seeing Kellynch Hall , Anne found it most natural to take her almost daily walk to Lady Russell ' s , and keep out of the way till all was over ; when she found it most natural to be sorry that she had missed the opportunity of seeing them .
She felt that Edward stood very high in her opinion .
30 : 37 And as for the perfume which thou shalt make , ye shall not make to yourselves according to the composition thereof : it shall be unto thee holy for the LORD .
I felt that she was infinitely dearer to me than any other woman in the world , and that I was using her infamously .
for they have fled from me : destruction unto them !
7 : 78 On the twelfth day Ahira the son of Enan , prince of the children of Naphtali , offered : 7 : 79 His offering was one silver charger , the weight whereof was an hundred and thirty shekels , one silver bowl of seventy shekels , after the shekel of the sanctuary ; both of them full of fine flour mingled with oil for a meat offering : 7 : 80 One golden spoon of ten shekels , full of incense : 7 : 81 One young bullock , one ram , one lamb of the first year , for a burnt offering : 7 : 82 One kid of the goats for a sin offering : 7 : 83 And for a sacrifice of peace offerings , two oxen , five rams , five he goats , five lambs of the first year : this was the offering of Ahira the son of Enan .
6 : 17 And the house , that is , the temple before it , was forty cubits long .
30 : 19 I call heaven and earth to record this day against you , that I have set before you life and death , blessing and cursing : therefore choose life , that both thou and thy seed may live : 30 : 20 That thou mayest love the LORD thy God , and that thou mayest obey his voice , and that thou mayest cleave unto him : for he is thy life , and the length of thy days : that thou mayest dwell in the land which the LORD sware unto thy fathers , to Abraham , to Isaac , and to Jacob , to give them .
5 : 9 So David dwelt in the fort , and called it the city of David .
cried Emma , putting her hand before her face , and jumping up , " you make me more ashamed of myself than I can bear .
5 : 10 He that believeth on the Son of God hath the witness in himself : he that believeth not God hath made him a liar ; because he believeth not the record that God gave of his Son .
6 : 8 And David was displeased , because the LORD had made a breach upon Uzzah : and he called the name of the place Perezuzzah to this day .
The weather affected Mr . Woodhouse , and he could only be kept tolerably comfortable by almost ceaseless attention on his daughter ' s side , and by exertions which had never cost her half so much before .
21 : 40 So all the cities for the children of Merari by their families , which were remaining of the families of the Levites , were by their lot twelve cities .
34 : 26 And as for the king of Judah , who sent you to enquire of the LORD , so shall ye say unto him , Thus saith the LORD God of Israel concerning the words which thou hast heard ; 34 : 27 Because thine heart was tender , and thou didst humble thyself before God , when thou heardest his words against this place , and against the inhabitants thereof , and humbledst thyself before me , and didst rend thy clothes , and weep before me ; I have even heard thee also , saith the LORD .
4 : 17 This I say therefore , and testify in the Lord , that ye henceforth walk not as other Gentiles walk , in the vanity of their mind , 4 : 18 Having the understanding darkened , being alienated from the life of God through the ignorance that is in them , because of the blindness of their heart : 4 : 19 Who being past feeling have given themselves over unto lasciviousness , to work all uncleanness with greediness .
29 : 32 And Aaron and his sons shall eat the flesh of the ram , and the bread that is in the basket by the door of the tabernacle of the congregation .
17 : 4 And thou , even thyself , shalt discontinue from thine heritage that I gave thee ; and I will cause thee to serve thine enemies in the land which thou knowest not : for ye have kindled a fire in mine anger , which shall burn for ever .
34 : 24 And unto Hamor and unto Shechem his son hearkened all that went out of the gate of his city ; and every male was circumcised , all that went out of the gate of his city .
How shall the summer arise in joy , Or the summer fruits appear ?
11 : 29 For he that eateth and drinketh unworthily , eateth and drinketh damnation to himself , not discerning the Lord ' s body .
This distinction appeared to increase , and there was one speech of Louisa ' s which struck her .
Frank Churchill came back again ; and if he kept his father ' s dinner waiting , it was not known at Hartfield ; for Mrs . Weston was too anxious for his being a favourite with Mr . Woodhouse , to betray any imperfection which could be concealed .
And his servant said unto him , Alas , my master !
" I declare I cannot recollect what I was talking of .-- Oh !
8 : 13 And it shall come to pass , that as ye were a curse among the heathen , O house of Judah , and house of Israel ; so will I save you , and ye shall be a blessing : fear not , but let your hands be strong .
This is that Dathan and Abiram , which were famous in the congregation , who strove against Moses and against Aaron in the company of Korah , when they strove against the LORD : 26 : 10 And the earth opened her mouth , and swallowed them up together with Korah , when that company died , what time the fire devoured two hundred and fifty men : and they became a sign .
" Very likely ," said Emma --" nothing more likely .
8 : 8 There is no man that hath power over the spirit to retain the spirit ; neither hath he power in the day of death : and there is no discharge in that war ; neither shall wickedness deliver those that are given to it .
4 : 21 Furthermore the LORD was angry with me for your sakes , and sware that I should not go over Jordan , and that I should not go in unto that good land , which the LORD thy God giveth thee for an inheritance : 4 : 22 But I must die in this land , I must not go over Jordan : but ye shall go over , and possess that good land .
22 : 3 Then entered Satan into Judas surnamed Iscariot , being of the number of the twelve .
And , by what I understand , you might have had lodgings there quite away from the sea -- a quarter of a mile off -- very comfortable .
it is hard for thee to kick against the pricks .
say ye that the Lord hath need of him ; and straightway he will send him hither .
17 : 4 Then answered Peter , and said unto Jesus , Lord , it is good for us to be here : if thou wilt , let us make here three tabernacles ; one for thee , and one for Moses , and one for Elias .
9 : 2 The people that walked in darkness have seen a great light : they that dwell in the land of the shadow of death , upon them hath the light shined .
whose damnation is just .
With great surprise therefore , did she find herself prevented by a settled rain from going out again after dinner .
Remember me , O my God , for good .
They will be all wanting a home .
5 : 14 Then said Zeresh his wife and all his friends unto him , Let a gallows be made of fifty cubits high , and to morrow speak thou unto the king that Mordecai may be hanged thereon : then go thou in merrily with the king unto the banquet .
dear !
6 : 16 And these are the names of the sons of Levi according to their generations ; Gershon , and Kohath , and Merari : and the years of the life of Levi were an hundred thirty and seven years .
A man must pay for his convenience ; and it HAS cost me a vast deal of money ."
She had an excellent heart ;-- her disposition was affectionate , and her feelings were strong ; but she knew how to govern them : it was a knowledge which her mother had yet to learn ; and which one of her sisters had resolved never to be taught .
50 : 11 And when the inhabitants of the land , the Canaanites , saw the mourning in the floor of Atad , they said , This is a grievous mourning to the Egyptians : wherefore the name of it was called Abelmizraim , which is beyond Jordan .
25 : 27 And the boys grew : and Esau was a cunning hunter , a man of the field ; and Jacob was a plain man , dwelling in tents .
23 : 1 And Balaam said unto Balak , Build me here seven altars , and prepare me here seven oxen and seven rams .
All their cities throughout their families were thirteen cities .
11 : 19 Also thou shalt lie down , and none shall make thee afraid ; yea , many shall make suit unto thee .
Charles , in the meanwhile , was very decidedly declaring his resolution of calling on his aunt , now that he was so near ; and very evidently , though more fearfully , trying to induce his wife to go too .
6 : 5 But as one was felling a beam , the axe head fell into the water : and he cried , and said , Alas , master !
" So very kind !"
` Well ,' said she , ` it must be borne some time or other , and it may as well be now .'
I always forgot ."
He came , examined his patient , and though encouraging Miss Dashwood to expect that a very few days would restore her sister to health , yet , by pronouncing her disorder to have a putrid tendency , and allowing the word " infection " to pass his lips , gave instant alarm to Mrs . Palmer , on her baby ' s account .
18 : 48 He delivereth me from mine enemies : yea , thou liftest me up above those that rise up against me : thou hast delivered me from the violent man .
I was startled , I confess , by the alteration in his manners this morning ;-- he did not speak like himself , and did not return your kindness with any cordiality .
4 : 5 Let your moderation be known unto all men .
1 : 31 Then Bathsheba bowed with her face to the earth , and did reverence to the king , and said , Let my lord king David live for ever .
35 : 22 But if he thrust him suddenly without enmity , or have cast upon him any thing without laying of wait , 35 : 23 Or with any stone , wherewith a man may die , seeing him not , and cast it upon him , that he die , and was not his enemy , neither sought his harm : 35 : 24 Then the congregation shall judge between the slayer and the revenger of blood according to these judgments : 35 : 25 And the congregation shall deliver the slayer out of the hand of the revenger of blood , and the congregation shall restore him to the city of his refuge , whither he was fled : and he shall abide in it unto the death of the high priest , which was anointed with the holy oil .
Then said they , It is his angel .
29 : 8 Therefore thus saith the Lord GOD ; Behold , I will bring a sword upon thee , and cut off man and beast out of thee .
Her Bath habits made evening - parties perfectly natural to her , and Maple Grove had given her a taste for dinners .
2 : 16 And she said unto them , Get you to the mountain , lest the pursuers meet you ; and hide yourselves there three days , until the pursuers be returned : and afterward may ye go your way .
89 : 50 Remember , Lord , the reproach of thy servants ; how I do bear in my bosom the reproach of all the mighty people ;
I believe I have lived as much on board as most women , and I know nothing superior to the accommodations of a man - of - war .
She did her best when thus called on , by speaking of Lady Middleton with more warmth than she felt , though with far less than Miss Lucy .
21 : 1 The king ' s heart is in the hand of the LORD , as the rivers of water : he turneth it whithersoever he will .
7 : 10 And the LORD said unto Joshua , Get thee up ; wherefore liest thou thus upon thy face ?
" How do you do , Mrs . Ford ?
25 : 12 But the captain of the guard left of the door of the poor of the land to be vinedressers and husbandmen .
But at first I must confess , my vanity only was elevated by it .
3 : 5 And Moses verily was faithful in all his house , as a servant , for a testimony of those things which were to be spoken after ; 3 : 6 But Christ as a son over his own house ; whose house are we , if we hold fast the confidence and the rejoicing of the hope firm unto the end .
She had been a friend and companion such as few possessed : intelligent , well - informed , useful , gentle , knowing all the ways of the family , interested in all its concerns , and peculiarly interested in herself , in every pleasure , every scheme of hers -- one to whom she could speak every thought as it arose , and who had such an affection for her as could never find fault .
3 : 12 Then the spirit took me up , and I heard behind me a voice of a great rushing , saying , Blessed be the glory of the LORD from his place .
6 : 33 A wound and dishonour shall he get ; and his reproach shall not be wiped away .
29 : 1 Now these are the words of the letter that Jeremiah the prophet sent from Jerusalem unto the residue of the elders which were carried away captives , and to the priests , and to the prophets , and to all the people whom Nebuchadnezzar had carried away captive from Jerusalem to Babylon ; 29 : 2 ( After that Jeconiah the king , and the queen , and the eunuchs , the princes of Judah and Jerusalem , and the carpenters , and the smiths , were departed from Jerusalem ;) 29 : 3 By the hand of Elasah the son of Shaphan , and Gemariah the son of Hilkiah , ( whom Zedekiah king of Judah sent unto Babylon to Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon ) saying , 29 : 4 Thus saith the LORD of hosts , the God of Israel , unto all that are carried away captives , whom I have caused to be carried away from Jerusalem unto Babylon ; 29 : 5 Build ye houses , and dwell in them ; and plant gardens , and eat the fruit of them ; 29 : 6 Take ye wives , and beget sons and daughters ; and take wives for your sons , and give your daughters to husbands , that they may bear sons and daughters ; that ye may be increased there , and not diminished .
48 : 40 For thus saith the LORD ; Behold , he shall fly as an eagle , and shall spread his wings over Moab .
Thus the land was desolate after them , that no man passed through nor returned : for they laid the pleasant land desolate .
cried Harriet indignantly .--" Oh !
4 : 17 The woman answered and said , I have no husband .
10 : 15 The heave shoulder and the wave breast shall they bring with the offerings made by fire of the fat , to wave it for a wave offering before the LORD ; and it shall be thine , and thy sons ' with thee , by a statute for ever ; as the LORD hath commanded .
4 : 4 Thy neck is like the tower of David builded for an armoury , whereon there hang a thousand bucklers , all shields of mighty men .
And then lowering her voice , " I suppose Mrs . Jennings has heard all about it .
23 : 40 And furthermore , that ye have sent for men to come from far , unto whom a messenger was sent ; and , lo , they came : for whom thou didst wash thyself , paintedst thy eyes , and deckedst thyself with ornaments , 23 : 41 And satest upon a stately bed , and a table prepared before it , whereupon thou hast set mine incense and mine oil .
10 : 24 And the disciples were astonished at his words .
And he had judged Israel forty years .
51 : 19 The portion of Jacob is not like them ; for he is the former of all things : and Israel is the rod of his inheritance : the LORD of hosts is his name .
27 : 42 And these words of Esau her elder son were told to Rebekah : and she sent and called Jacob her younger son , and said unto him , Behold , thy brother Esau , as touching thee , doth comfort himself , purposing to kill thee .
8 : 24 For we are saved by hope : but hope that is seen is not hope : for what a man seeth , why doth he yet hope for ?
17 : 22 For thy people Israel didst thou make thine own people for ever ; and thou , LORD , becamest their God .
15 : 5 But ye say , Whosoever shall say to his father or his mother , It is a gift , by whatsoever thou mightest be profited by me ; 15 : 6 And honour not his father or his mother , he shall be free .
how is the most fine gold changed !
Emma continued ,
45 : 11 The ephah and the bath shall be of one measure , that the bath may contain the tenth part of an homer , and the ephah the tenth part of an homer : the measure thereof shall be after the homer .
I wish Jane Fairfax very well ; but she tires me to death ."
" And had you a great many smart beaux there ?
whose son is he ?
So they went down to Bethel .
9 : 1 The burden of the word of the LORD in the land of Hadrach , and Damascus shall be the rest thereof : when the eyes of man , as of all the tribes of Israel , shall be toward the LORD .
14 : 4 And whither I go ye know , and the way ye know .
it is over !"
But they live very comfortably .
2 : 18 For through him we both have access by one Spirit unto the Father .
75 : 5 Lift not up your horn on high : speak not with a stiff neck .
cried Mrs . Palmer , with a laugh , " I shall be quite disappointed if you do not .
Her making a fourth , when they sat down to dinner , was noticed as an advantage .
The first month after their marriage was spent with their friend at the Mansion - house ; from whence they could superintend the progress of the Parsonage , and direct every thing as they liked on the spot ;-- could chuse papers , project shrubberies , and invent a sweep .
37 : 16 A little that a righteous man hath is better than the riches of many wicked .
That evening seemed to be made up of exquisite moments .
31 : 39 And the asses were thirty thousand and five hundred ; of which the LORD ' s tribute was threescore and one .
And he went in in my sight .
" No , I did not promise .
10 : 28 And that day Joshua took Makkedah , and smote it with the edge of the sword , and the king thereof he utterly destroyed , them , and all the souls that were therein ; he let none remain : and he did to the king of Makkedah as he did unto the king of Jericho .
5 : 22 And Moses returned unto the LORD , and said , LORD , wherefore hast thou so evil entreated this people ?
28 : 11 The rich man is wise in his own conceit ; but the poor that hath understanding searcheth him out .
18 : 30 Therefore I will judge you , O house of Israel , every one according to his ways , saith the Lord GOD .
What can it mean ?
Give me joy : I have got rid of Sir Walter and Miss .
48 : 6 Thou hast heard , see all this ; and will not ye declare it ?
Who is it ?
5 : 11 Wherefore , as I live , saith the Lord GOD ; Surely , because thou hast defiled my sanctuary with all thy detestable things , and with all thine abominations , therefore will I also diminish thee ; neither shall mine eye spare , neither will I have any pity .
" I declare , I do not know when I have heard any thing that has given me more satisfaction !-- It always has quite hurt me that Jane Fairfax , who plays so delightfully , should not have an instrument .
12 : 42 It is a night to be much observed unto the LORD for bringing them out from the land of Egypt : this is that night of the LORD to be observed of all the children of Israel in their generations .
96 : 10 Say among the heathen that the LORD reigneth : the world also shall be established that it shall not be moved : he shall judge the people righteously .
There was a communication before her , one which _she_ only could be competent to make -- the confession of her engagement to her father ; but she would have nothing to do with it at present .-- She had resolved to defer the disclosure till Mrs . Weston were safe and well .
yet ye bring more wrath upon Israel by profaning the sabbath .
" Mr . Elton in love with me !-- What an idea !"
" That Mr . Elton should really be in love with me ,-- me , of all people , who did not know him , to speak to him , at Michaelmas !
16 : 1 And he said also unto his disciples , There was a certain rich man , which had a steward ; and the same was accused unto him that he had wasted his goods .
6 : 32 But Elisha sat in his house , and the elders sat with him ; and the king sent a man from before him : but ere the messenger came to him , he said to the elders , See ye how this son of a murderer hath sent to take away mine head ?
4 : 8 Again , the devil taketh him up into an exceeding high mountain , and sheweth him all the kingdoms of the world , and the glory of them ; 4 : 9 And saith unto him , All these things will I give thee , if thou wilt fall down and worship me .
" I see what a life I am to lead among you .
10 : 20 For it is not ye that speak , but the Spirit of your Father which speaketh in you .
9 : 26 They are passed away as the swift ships : as the eagle that hasteth to the prey .
For , though shy , he did not seem reserved ; it had rather the appearance of feelings glad to burst their usual restraints ; and having talked of poetry , the richness of the present age , and gone through a brief comparison of opinion as to the first - rate poets , trying to ascertain whether Marmion or The Lady of the Lake were to be preferred , and how ranked the Giaour and The Bride of Abydos ; and moreover , how the Giaour was to be pronounced , he showed himself so intimately acquainted with all the tenderest songs of the one poet , and all the impassioned descriptions of hopeless agony of the other ; he repeated , with such tremulous feeling , the various lines which imaged a broken heart , or a mind destroyed by wretchedness , and looked so entirely as if he meant to be understood , that she ventured to hope he did not always read only poetry , and to say , that she thought it was the misfortune of poetry to be seldom safely enjoyed by those who enjoyed it completely ; and that the strong feelings which alone could estimate it truly were the very feelings which ought to taste it but sparingly .
4 : 9 Cometh this blessedness then upon the circumcision only , or upon the uncircumcision also ?
13 : 19 The desire accomplished is sweet to the soul : but it is abomination to fools to depart from evil .
God forbid .
25 : 15 And unto one he gave five talents , to another two , and to another one ; to every man according to his several ability ; and straightway took his journey .
If any thing could increase her delight , it was perceiving that the baby would soon have outgrown its first set of caps .
8 : 6 And Aaron stretched out his hand over the waters of Egypt ; and the frogs came up , and covered the land of Egypt .
Good gracious !-- In a moment I shall see the person that all my happiness depends on -- that is to be my mother !"
They say unto him , The son of David .
That ' s a consideration indeed .-- But John , as to what I was telling you of my idea of moving the path to Langham , of turning it more to the right that it may not cut through the home meadows , I cannot conceive any difficulty .
13 : 11 And when she had brought them unto him to eat , he took hold of her , and said unto her , Come lie with me , my sister .
142 : 1 I cried unto the LORD with my voice ; with my voice unto the LORD did I make my supplication .
" I have very often wished to undeceive yourself and my mother ," added Elinor ; " and once or twice I have attempted it ;-- but without betraying my trust , I never could have convinced you ."
The two ladies continued to talk , to re - urge the same admitted truths , and enforce them with such examples of the ill effect of a contrary practice as had fallen within their observation , but Anne heard nothing distinctly ; it was only a buzz of words in her ear , her mind was in confusion .
Mr . Palmer looked up on her entering the room , stared at her some minutes , and then returned to his newspaper .
or why dost thou set at nought thy brother ?
With men he can be rational and unaffected , but when he has ladies to please , every feature works ."
74 : 16 The day is thine , the night also is thine : thou hast prepared the light and the sun .
9 : 23 And Samuel said unto the cook , Bring the portion which I gave thee , of which I said unto thee , Set it by thee .
and why is thy heart grieved ?
7 : 88 And all the oxen for the sacrifice of the peace offerings were twenty and four bullocks , the rams sixty , the he goats sixty , the lambs of the first year sixty .
3 : 8 And the scripture , foreseeing that God would justify the heathen through faith , preached before the gospel unto Abraham , saying , In thee shall all nations be blessed .
And Joshua stretched out the spear that he had in his hand toward the city .
24 : 21 He evil entreateth the barren that beareth not : and doeth not good to the widow .
She could not but smile to see the graciousness of both mother and daughter towards the very person -- for Lucy was particularly distinguished -- whom of all others , had they known as much as she did , they would have been most anxious to mortify ; while she herself , who had comparatively no power to wound them , sat pointedly slighted by both .
" How then ," asked her sister , " would you account for his behaviour ?"
23 : 41 And we indeed justly ; for we receive the due reward of our deeds : but this man hath done nothing amiss .
His estate had been rated by Sir John at about six or seven hundred a year ; but he lived at an expense to which that income could hardly be equal , and he had himself often complained of his poverty .
5 : 25 And Methuselah lived an hundred eighty and seven years , and begat Lamech .
CHAPTER VII
4 : 25 And Adam knew his wife again ; and she bare a son , and called his name Seth : For God , said she , hath appointed me another seed instead of Abel , whom Cain slew .
" Indeed you injure me if you suppose me unconvinced .
27 : 12 A prudent man foreseeth the evil , and hideth himself ; but the simple pass on , and are punished .
And Peter answereth and saith unto him , Thou art the Christ .
16 : 22 And Saul sent to Jesse , saying , Let David , I pray thee , stand before me ; for he hath found favour in my sight .
Well , ( returning to the room ,) I have not been able to succeed .
11 : 32 And at Anathoth , Nob , Ananiah , 11 : 33 Hazor , Ramah , Gittaim , 11 : 34 Hadid , Zeboim , Neballat , 11 : 35 Lod , and Ono , the valley of craftsmen .
31 : 32 The stranger did not lodge in the street : but I opened my doors to the traveller .
4 : 17 And say to Archippus , Take heed to the ministry which thou hast received in the Lord , that thou fulfil it .
After her entrance , Colonel Brandon became more thoughtful and silent than he had been before , and Mrs . Jennings could not prevail on him to stay long .
18 : 4 And I heard another voice from heaven , saying , Come out of her , my people , that ye be not partakers of her sins , and that ye receive not of her plagues .
5 : 27 And when they had brought them , they set them before the council : and the high priest asked them , 5 : 28 Saying , Did not we straitly command you that ye should not teach in this name ?
10 : 10 And the children of Israel cried unto the LORD , saying , We have sinned against thee , both because we have forsaken our God , and also served Baalim .
7 : 15 I Daniel was grieved in my spirit in the midst of my body , and the visions of my head troubled me .
" You have said so ," replied Elinor , " almost every day since they first met on High - church Down ; and they had not known each other a week , I believe , before you were certain that Marianne wore his picture round her neck ; but it turned out to be only the miniature of our great uncle ."
" My poor dear Isabella ," said he , fondly taking her hand , and interrupting , for a few moments , her busy labours for some one of her five children --" How long it is , how terribly long since you were here !
21 : 22 A wise man scaleth the city of the mighty , and casteth down the strength of the confidence thereof .
And Saul had put away those that had familiar spirits , and the wizards , out of the land .
3 : 2 And the LORD said unto me , Fear him not : for I will deliver him , and all his people , and his land , into thy hand ; and thou shalt do unto him as thou didst unto Sihon king of the Amorites , which dwelt at Heshbon .
I am very happy .
6 : 20 So the people shouted when the priests blew with the trumpets : and it came to pass , when the people heard the sound of the trumpet , and the people shouted with a great shout , that the wall fell down flat , so that the people went up into the city , every man straight before him , and they took the city .
I have entered many a shop to avoid your sight , as the carriage drove by .
But she had promised to hear him , and her curiosity no less than her honor was engaged .
Their good friend saw that Marianne was unhappy , and felt that every thing was due to her which might make her at all less so .
Let my beloved come into his garden , and eat his pleasant fruits .
23 : 4 For they bind heavy burdens and grievous to be borne , and lay them on men ' s shoulders ; but they themselves will not move them with one of their fingers .
Didst close my tongue in senseless clay , And me to mortal life betray .
11 : 1 And there was given me a reed like unto a rod : and the angel stood , saying , Rise , and measure the temple of God , and the altar , and them that worship therein .
36 : 32 Not for your sakes do I this , saith the Lord GOD , be it known unto you : be ashamed and confounded for your own ways , O house of Israel .
She might not wonder , but she must sigh that her father should feel no degradation in his change , should see nothing to regret in the duties and dignity of the resident landholder , should find so much to be vain of in the littlenesses of a town ; and she must sigh , and smile , and wonder too , as Elizabeth threw open the folding - doors and walked with exultation from one drawing - room to the other , boasting of their space ; at the possibility of that woman , who had been mistress of Kellynch Hall , finding extent to be proud of between two walls , perhaps thirty feet asunder .
" Very true , very true , indeed .
43 : 15 I am the LORD , your Holy One , the creator of Israel , your King .
15 : 14 And they sware unto the LORD with a loud voice , and with shouting , and with trumpets , and with cornets .
135 : 21 Blessed be the LORD out of Zion , which dwelleth at Jerusalem .
It would have killed me never to come to Hartfield any more !"
In the very same inn with us !
The Musgroves came back to receive their happy boys and girls from school , bringing with them Mrs Harville ' s little children , to improve the noise of Uppercross , and lessen that of Lyme .
why fades the lotus of the water ?
For shame , Willoughby , can you wait for an invitation here ?"
" Oh , my dear Miss Dashwood ," said Mrs . Palmer soon afterwards , " I have got such a favour to ask of you and your sister .
34 : 13 Who hath given him a charge over the earth ?
21 : 1 The burden of the desert of the sea .
tell us wherewith we shall send it to his place .
You will not be sorry to find yourself at home ."
The house was large and handsome ; and the Middletons lived in a style of equal hospitality and elegance .
" We cannot suppose that she has any great enjoyment at the Vicarage , my dear Emma -- but it is better than being always at home .
Edward seemed a second Willoughby ; and acknowledging as Elinor did , that she HAD loved him most sincerely , could she feel less than herself !
One does not love a place the less for having suffered in it , unless it has been all suffering , nothing but suffering , which was by no means the case at Lyme .
Anne had never seen her father and sister before in contact with nobility , and she must acknowledge herself disappointed .
She was disgustingly , was suspiciously reserved .
119 : 22 Remove from me reproach and contempt ; for I have kept thy testimonies .
or the son of man that thou visitest him ?
18 : 22 Thou shalt not lie with mankind , as with womankind : it is abomination .
30 : 22 Thou liftest me up to the wind ; thou causest me to ride upon it , and dissolvest my substance .
10 : 17 And when he came to Samaria , he slew all that remained unto Ahab in Samaria , till he had destroyed him , according to the saying of the LORD , which he spake to Elijah .
" The clerks grow expert from habit .-- They must begin with some quickness of sight and hand , and exercise improves them .
64 : 2 Hide me from the secret counsel of the wicked ; from the insurrection of the workers of iniquity :
22 : 14 And if a man eat of the holy thing unwittingly , then he shall put the fifth part thereof unto it , and shall give it unto the priest with the holy thing .
77 : 6 I call to remembrance my song in the night : I commune with mine own heart : and my spirit made diligent search .
The advantages of Bath to the young are pretty generally understood .
3 : 3 And they have cast lots for my people ; and have given a boy for an harlot , and sold a girl for wine , that they might drink .
7 : 25 And on all hills that shall be digged with the mattock , there shall not come thither the fear of briers and thorns : but it shall be for the sending forth of oxen , and for the treading of lesser cattle .
Regard for a former servant of my own , who had since fallen into misfortune , carried me to visit him in a spunging - house , where he was confined for debt ; and there , the same house , under a similar confinement , was my unfortunate sister .
I am particularly glad to see and shake hands with you -- and to give you joy in person ."
22 : 14 And if a man borrow ought of his neighbour , and it be hurt , or die , the owner thereof being not with it , he shall surely make it good .
147 : 9 He giveth to the beast his food , and to the young ravens which cry .
weep !"
16 : 16 And Moses said unto Korah , Be thou and all thy company before the LORD , thou , and they , and Aaron , to morrow : 16 : 17 And take every man his censer , and put incense in them , and bring ye before the LORD every man his censer , two hundred and fifty censers ; thou also , and Aaron , each of you his censer .
11 : 14 Therefore pray not thou for this people , neither lift up a cry or prayer for them : for I will not hear them in the time that they cry unto me for their trouble .
1 : 24 Not for that we have dominion over your faith , but are helpers of your joy : for by faith ye stand .
And the angel departed from her .
I know he was invited and encouraged , and I know he did not choose to go .
12 : 40 Moreover they that were nigh them , even unto Issachar and Zebulun and Naphtali , brought bread on asses , and on camels , and on mules , and on oxen , and meat , meal , cakes of figs , and bunches of raisins , and wine , and oil , and oxen , and sheep abundantly : for there was joy in Israel .
12 : 3 And I knew such a man , ( whether in the body , or out of the body , I cannot tell : God knoweth ;) 12 : 4 How that he was caught up into paradise , and heard unspeakable words , which it is not lawful for a man to utter .
When Mr . Weston joined the party , however , and when the baby was fetched , there was no longer a want of subject or animation -- or of courage and opportunity for Frank Churchill to draw near her and say ,
` Do not imagine , madam ,' she continued , ` that I was taught wrong .
I can satisfy you , perhaps , on points which you would little expect ; and as to his marriage , I knew all about it at the time .
Harriet turned away ; but Emma could receive him with the usual smile , and her quick eye soon discerned in his the consciousness of having made a push -- of having thrown a die ; and she imagined he was come to see how it might turn up .
1 : 19 For it is written , I will destroy the wisdom of the wise , and will bring to nothing the understanding of the prudent .
28 : 52 And he shall besiege thee in all thy gates , until thy high and fenced walls come down , wherein thou trustedst , throughout all thy land : and he shall besiege thee in all thy gates throughout all thy land , which the LORD thy God hath given thee .
Emma shall be an angel , and I will keep my spleen to myself till Christmas brings John and Isabella .
28 : 3 And thou shalt speak unto all that are wise hearted , whom I have filled with the spirit of wisdom , that they may make Aaron ' s garments to consecrate him , that he may minister unto me in the priest ' s office .
9 : 29 And all the days of Noah were nine hundred and fifty years : and he died .
37 : 13 And when he was in the gate of Benjamin , a captain of the ward was there , whose name was Irijah , the son of Shelemiah , the son of Hananiah ; and he took Jeremiah the prophet , saying , Thou fallest away to the Chaldeans .
I wanted to know a little more , and this tells me quite enough .
Mrs Musgrove protests solemnly that she knew nothing of the matter .
The head had received a severe contusion , but he had seen greater injuries recovered from : he was by no means hopeless ; he spoke cheerfully .
I have great hope of prevailing .
Very true .
4 : 5 And Ashur the father of Tekoa had two wives , Helah and Naarah .
22 : 13 And Balaam rose up in the morning , and said unto the princes of Balak , Get you into your land : for the LORD refuseth to give me leave to go with you .
dear !
35 : 16 So all the service of the LORD was prepared the same day , to keep the passover , and to offer burnt offerings upon the altar of the LORD , according to the commandment of king Josiah .
3 : 3 Can two walk together , except they be agreed ?
The old walnut trees are all come down to make room for it .
119 : 155 Salvation is far from the wicked : for they seek not thy statutes .
9 : 13 As it is written in the law of Moses , all this evil is come upon us : yet made we not our prayer before the LORD our God , that we might turn from our iniquities , and understand thy truth .
7 : 16 And the people went out , and spoiled the tents of the Syrians .
8 : 24 I said therefore unto you , that ye shall die in your sins : for if ye believe not that I am he , ye shall die in your sins .
8 : 6 For from Israel was it also : the workman made it ; therefore it is not God : but the calf of Samaria shall be broken in pieces .
26 : 5 Fifty loops shalt thou make in the one curtain , and fifty loops shalt thou make in the edge of the curtain that is in the coupling of the second ; that the loops may take hold one of another .
8 : 33 But when he had turned about and looked on his disciples , he rebuked Peter , saying , Get thee behind me , Satan : for thou savourest not the things that be of God , but the things that be of men .
11 : 4 And Moses said , Thus saith the LORD , About midnight will I go out into the midst of Egypt : 11 : 5 And all the firstborn in the land of Egypt shall die , from the first born of Pharaoh that sitteth upon his throne , even unto the firstborn of the maidservant that is behind the mill ; and all the firstborn of beasts .
It was but an effusion of lively spirits .
10 : 21 And all king Solomon ' s drinking vessels were of gold , and all the vessels of the house of the forest of Lebanon were of pure gold ; none were of silver : it was nothing accounted of in the days of Solomon .
And his brethren could not answer him ; for they were troubled at his presence .
And all thy moans flew o ' er my roof , but I have call ' d them down : Wilt thou O Queen enter my house , tis given thee to enter , And to return : fear nothing , enter with thy virgin feet .
49 : 15 Can a woman forget her sucking child , that she should not have compassion on the son of her womb ?
8 : 7 Howbeit there is not in every man that knowledge : for some with conscience of the idol unto this hour eat it as a thing offered unto an idol ; and their conscience being weak is defiled .
24 : 9 They pluck the fatherless from the breast , and take a pledge of the poor .
16 : 5 And I heard the angel of the waters say , Thou art righteous , O Lord , which art , and wast , and shalt be , because thou hast judged thus .
A week had not passed since Miss Hawkins ' s name was first mentioned in Highbury , before she was , by some means or other , discovered to have every recommendation of person and mind ; to be handsome , elegant , highly accomplished , and perfectly amiable : and when Mr . Elton himself arrived to triumph in his happy prospects , and circulate the fame of her merits , there was very little more for him to do , than to tell her Christian name , and say whose music she principally played .
They were alike too , in a general benevolence of temper , and a strong habit of regard for every old acquaintance .
1 : 1 The burden of the word of the LORD to Israel by Malachi .
19 : 7 Let us be glad and rejoice , and give honour to him : for the marriage of the Lamb is come , and his wife hath made herself ready .
11 : 16 Take heed to yourselves , that your heart be not deceived , and ye turn aside , and serve other gods , and worship them ; 11 : 17 And then the LORD ' s wrath be kindled against you , and he shut up the heaven , that there be no rain , and that the land yield not her fruit ; and lest ye perish quickly from off the good land which the LORD giveth you .
What might not eight years do ?
21 : 13 And he changed his behaviour before them , and feigned himself mad in their hands , and scrabbled on the doors of the gate , and let his spittle fall down upon his beard .
27 : 11 I will teach you by the hand of God : that which is with the Almighty will I not conceal .
" Come Colonel ," said Mrs . Jennings , " before you go , do let us know what you are going about ."
23 : 6 Be ye therefore very courageous to keep and to do all that is written in the book of the law of Moses , that ye turn not aside therefrom to the right hand or to the left ; 23 : 7 That ye come not among these nations , these that remain among you ; neither make mention of the name of their gods , nor cause to swear by them , neither serve them , nor bow yourselves unto them : 23 : 8 But cleave unto the LORD your God , as ye have done unto this day .
5 : 12 For we commend not ourselves again unto you , but give you occasion to glory on our behalf , that ye may have somewhat to answer them which glory in appearance , and not in heart .
7 : 3 And the sons of Uzzi ; Izrahiah : and the sons of Izrahiah ; Michael , and Obadiah , and Joel , Ishiah , five : all of them chief men .
21 : 24 And Jesus answered and said unto them , I also will ask you one thing , which if ye tell me , I in like wise will tell you by what authority I do these things .
2 : 22 And when the days of her purification according to the law of Moses were accomplished , they brought him to Jerusalem , to present him to the Lord ; 2 : 23 ( As it is written in the law of the LORD , Every male that openeth the womb shall be called holy to the Lord ;) 2 : 24 And to offer a sacrifice according to that which is said in the law of the Lord , A pair of turtledoves , or two young pigeons .
I assure you , Captain Wentworth , we are very sorry he ever left you ."
I am not in the least ashamed of my meaning ."
36 : 6 And Esau took his wives , and his sons , and his daughters , and all the persons of his house , and his cattle , and all his beasts , and all his substance , which he had got in the land of Canaan ; and went into the country from the face of his brother Jacob .
" I see how it is ," said she .
12 : 17 If the whole body were an eye , where were the hearing ?
Tell me if , when I returned to England in the year eight , with a few thousand pounds , and was posted into the Laconia , if I had then written to you , would you have answered my letter ?
10 : 22 The blessing of the LORD , it maketh rich , and he addeth no sorrow with it .
5 : 11 Wherefore comfort yourselves together , and edify one another , even as also ye do .
5 : 19 Let her be as the loving hind and pleasant roe ; let her breasts satisfy thee at all times ; and be thou ravished always with her love .
It was quite a different sort of thing , a sentiment distinct and independent .
and rulest not thou over all the kingdoms of the heathen ?
" I would not ask such a question for the world .
8 : 1 And the LORD spake unto Moses , saying , 8 : 2 Speak unto Aaron and say unto him , When thou lightest the lamps , the seven lamps shall give light over against the candlestick .
I wish he could have such company oftener .
said Mrs . John Knightley .-- " It is so long since I have seen her , except now and then for a moment accidentally in town !
behold , I went out to withstand thee , because thy way is perverse before me : 22 : 33 And the ass saw me , and turned from me these three times : unless she had turned from me , surely now also I had slain thee , and saved her alive .
2 : 25 For who can eat , or who else can hasten hereunto , more than I ?
Elinor was grateful for the attention , but it could not alter her design ; and their mother ' s concurrence being readily gained , every thing relative to their return was arranged as far as it could be ;-- and Marianne found some relief in drawing up a statement of the hours that were yet to divide her from Barton .
49 : 20 Therefore hear the counsel of the LORD , that he hath taken against Edom ; and his purposes , that he hath purposed against the inhabitants of Teman : Surely the least of the flock shall draw them out : surely he shall make their habitations desolate with them .
Mrs Smith ' s enjoyments were not spoiled by this improvement of income , with some improvement of health , and the acquisition of such friends to be often with , for her cheerfulness and mental alacrity did not fail her ; and while these prime supplies of good remained , she might have bid defiance even to greater accessions of worldly prosperity .
You must stay to be acquainted with Mrs Wallis , the beautiful Mrs Wallis .
13 : 9 If any man have an ear , let him hear .
In each letter he had spoken well of his captain ; but yet , so little were they in the habit of attending to such matters , so unobservant and incurious were they as to the names of men or ships , that it had made scarcely any impression at the time ; and that Mrs Musgrove should have been suddenly struck , this very day , with a recollection of the name of Wentworth , as connected with her son , seemed one of those extraordinary bursts of mind which do sometimes occur .
26 : 46 Rise , let us be going : behold , he is at hand that doth betray me .
We must feel that every addition to your father ' s society , among his equals or superiors , may be of use in diverting his thoughts from those who are beneath him ."
20 : 45 Then in the audience of all the people he said unto his disciples , 20 : 46 Beware of the scribes , which desire to walk in long robes , and love greetings in the markets , and the highest seats in the synagogues , and the chief rooms at feasts ; 20 : 47 Which devour widows ' houses , and for a shew make long prayers : the same shall receive greater damnation .
28 : 49 The LORD shall bring a nation against thee from far , from the end of the earth , as swift as the eagle flieth ; a nation whose tongue thou shalt not understand ; 28 : 50 A nation of fierce countenance , which shall not regard the person of the old , nor shew favour to the young : 28 : 51 And he shall eat the fruit of thy cattle , and the fruit of thy land , until thou be destroyed : which also shall not leave thee either corn , wine , or oil , or the increase of thy kine , or flocks of thy sheep , until he have destroyed thee .
Amen .
16 : 14 The wrath of a king is as messengers of death : but a wise man will pacify it .
15 : 17 I will shew thee , hear me ; and that which I have seen I will declare ; 15 : 18 Which wise men have told from their fathers , and have not hid it : 15 : 19 Unto whom alone the earth was given , and no stranger passed among them .
11 : 5 But oh that God would speak , and open his lips against thee ; 11 : 6 And that he would shew thee the secrets of wisdom , that they are double to that which is !
43 : 13 He shall break also the images of Bethshemesh , that is in the land of Egypt ; and the houses of the gods of the Egyptians shall he burn with fire .
Mr . Knightley does nothing mysteriously ."
Provide things honest in the sight of all men .
3 : 11 And Moses said unto God , Who am I , that I should go unto Pharaoh , and that I should bring forth the children of Israel out of Egypt ?
11 : 11 Therefore thus saith the LORD , Behold , I will bring evil upon them , which they shall not be able to escape ; and though they shall cry unto me , I will not hearken unto them .
31 : 8 If he said thus , The speckled shall be thy wages ; then all the cattle bare speckled : and if he said thus , The ringstraked shall be thy hire ; then bare all the cattle ringstraked .
15 : 31 Likewise also the chief priests mocking said among themselves with the scribes , He saved others ; himself he cannot save .
1 : 1 The words of Nehemiah the son of Hachaliah .
16 : 16 And he gathered them together into a place called in the Hebrew tongue Armageddon .
***
1 : 12 But I would ye should understand , brethren , that the things which happened unto me have fallen out rather unto the furtherance of the gospel ; 1 : 13 So that my bonds in Christ are manifest in all the palace , and in all other places ; 1 : 14 And many of the brethren in the Lord , waxing confident by my bonds , are much more bold to speak the word without fear .
6 : 44 For every tree is known by his own fruit .
Every body seemed injured by me .
7 : 12 As concerning the rest of the beasts , they had their dominion taken away : yet their lives were prolonged for a season and time .
8 : 28 And I said unto them , Ye are holy unto the LORD ; the vessels are holy also ; and the silver and the gold are a freewill offering unto the LORD God of your fathers .
66 : 2 Sing forth the honour of his name : make his praise glorious .
They separated too much into parties .
" The Laconia had come into Plymouth the week before ; no danger of her being sent to sea again .
Behold , the husbandman waiteth for the precious fruit of the earth , and hath long patience for it , until he receive the early and latter rain .
2 : 33 And the LORD our God delivered him before us ; and we smote him , and his sons , and all his people .
And they sat down .
1 : 48 And when Samlah was dead , Shaul of Rehoboth by the river reigned in his stead .
His mother ' s name also was Jerushah , the daughter of Zadok .
9 : 3 Yet have I sent the brethren , lest our boasting of you should be in vain in this behalf ; that , as I said , ye may be ready : 9 : 4 Lest haply if they of Macedonia come with me , and find you unprepared , we ( that we say not , ye ) should be ashamed in this same confident boasting .
61 : 1 The Spirit of the Lord GOD is upon me ; because the LORD hath anointed me to preach good tidings unto the meek ; he hath sent me to bind up the brokenhearted , to proclaim liberty to the captives , and the opening of the prison to them that are bound ; 61 : 2 To proclaim the acceptable year of the LORD , and the day of vengeance of our God ; to comfort all that mourn ; 61 : 3 To appoint unto them that mourn in Zion , to give unto them beauty for ashes , the oil of joy for mourning , the garment of praise for the spirit of heaviness ; that they might be called trees of righteousness , the planting of the LORD , that he might be glorified .
I should scold her myself , if she were capable of wishing to check the delight of your conversation with our new friend ."
" Undoubtedly , if they had known your engagement ," said she , " nothing could be more flattering than their treatment of you ;-- but as that was not the case "--
2 : 13 Behold , I am against thee , saith the LORD of hosts , and I will burn her chariots in the smoke , and the sword shall devour thy young lions : and I will cut off thy prey from the earth , and the voice of thy messengers shall no more be heard .
one never thinks of married men ' s being beaux -- they have something else to do ."
She did unfeignedly and unequivocally regret the inferiority of her own playing and singing .
6 : 18 Being then made free from sin , ye became the servants of righteousness .
74 : 2 Remember thy congregation , which thou hast purchased of old ; the rod of thine inheritance , which thou hast redeemed ; this mount Zion , wherein thou hast dwelt .
28 : 15 So they took the money , and did as they were taught : and this saying is commonly reported among the Jews until this day .
And Joab and his men went all night , and they came to Hebron at break of day .
11 : 21 Who smote Abimelech the son of Jerubbesheth ?
17 : 42 And when the Philistine looked about , and saw David , he disdained him : for he was but a youth , and ruddy , and of a fair countenance .
I will not open the window here ; it would give you all cold ; but I can go into my mother ' s room you know .
13 : 49 And the word of the Lord was published throughout all the region .
Selah .
" Now , this must be very bad for you ," said he , suddenly rousing from a little reverie , " to be coming and finding us here .
Elinor ' s astonishment at this commission could hardly have been greater , had the Colonel been really making her an offer of his hand .
This is full proof undoubtedly ; proof of every thing you were saying .
So Jehoshabeath , the daughter of king Jehoram , the wife of Jehoiada the priest , ( for she was the sister of Ahaziah ,) hid him from Athaliah , so that she slew him not .
18 : 4 And David took from him a thousand chariots , and seven thousand horsemen , and twenty thousand footmen : David also houghed all the chariot horses , but reserved of them an hundred chariots .
26 : 11 Then spake the priests and the prophets unto the princes and to all the people , saying , This man is worthy to die ; for he hath prophesied against this city , as ye have heard with your ears .
As whirlwinds in the south pass through ; so it cometh from the desert , from a terrible land .
But I only mean to say that there are advertising offices , and that by applying to them I should have no doubt of very soon meeting with something that would do ."
And Nathan said unto David , The LORD also hath put away thy sin ; thou shalt not die .
YOU are my cousins , and they are my wife ' s , so you must be related ."
The complaints and lamentations which politeness had hitherto restrained , now burst forth universally ; and they all agreed again and again how provoking it was to be so disappointed .
I am making a conundrum .
7 : 14 The sons of Manasseh ; Ashriel , whom she bare : ( but his concubine the Aramitess bare Machir the father of Gilead : 7 : 15 And Machir took to wife the sister of Huppim and Shuppim , whose sister ' s name was Maachah ;) and the name of the second was Zelophehad : and Zelophehad had daughters .
Mrs . Dashwood was too much astonished to speak , and another pause succeeded .
yes , and I shall be very happy in his acquaintance .
We must not allow them to be verified in sweet Jane Fairfax ."
So I sang the same again , While he wept with joy to hear .
41 : 22 Let them bring them forth , and shew us what shall happen : let them shew the former things , what they be , that we may consider them , and know the latter end of them ; or declare us things for to come .
148 : 4 Praise him , ye heavens of heavens , and ye waters that be above the heavens .
9 : 55 But he turned , and rebuked them , and said , Ye know not what manner of spirit ye are of .
But fetch them both .
I am not he .
11 : 16 But if any man seem to be contentious , we have no such custom , neither the churches of God .
Knowing their feelings as she did , it was a most attractive picture of happiness to her .
And Saul said , God hath delivered him into mine hand ; for he is shut in , by entering into a town that hath gates and bars .
She was perfectly convinced of it .
8 : 14 And they found written in the law which the LORD had commanded by Moses , that the children of Israel should dwell in booths in the feast of the seventh month : 8 : 15 And that they should publish and proclaim in all their cities , and in Jerusalem , saying , Go forth unto the mount , and fetch olive branches , and pine branches , and myrtle branches , and palm branches , and branches of thick trees , to make booths , as it is written .
To know that _she_ thought his coming certain was enough to make Emma consider it so , and sincerely did she rejoice in their joy .
21 : 10 Their bull gendereth , and faileth not ; their cow calveth , and casteth not her calf .
6 : 54 Whoso eateth my flesh , and drinketh my blood , hath eternal life ; and I will raise him up at the last day .
But it appears -- I should hope it would be a very happy match .
And Ziba said , The asses be for the king ' s household to ride on ; and the bread and summer fruit for the young men to eat ; and the wine , that such as be faint in the wilderness may drink .
1 : 31 And , behold , thou shalt conceive in thy womb , and bring forth a son , and shalt call his name JESUS .
CHAPTER 18
3 : 23 The families of the Gershonites shall pitch behind the tabernacle westward .
28 : 23 For I will send into her pestilence , and blood into her streets ; and the wounded shall be judged in the midst of her by the sword upon her on every side ; and they shall know that I am the LORD .
11 : 39 And I will for this afflict the seed of David , but not for ever .
30 : 22 Then answered all the wicked men and men of Belial , of those that went with David , and said , Because they went not with us , we will not give them ought of the spoil that we have recovered , save to every man his wife and his children , that they may lead them away , and depart .
" It has a disagreeable look to me .
You are a great deal too necessary at Hartfield to be spared to Abbey - Mill ."
When all denied , Peter and they that were with him said , Master , the multitude throng thee and press thee , and sayest thou , Who touched me ?
If I come , I shall be cross ."
3 : 26 But the LORD was wroth with me for your sakes , and would not hear me : and the LORD said unto me , Let it suffice thee ; speak no more unto me of this matter .
Speak , father , speak to you little boy , Or else I shall be lost ."
So much superadded decision of character !
1 : 12 And I turned to see the voice that spake with me .
Anne could not immediately fall into a quotation again .
And he pressed him : howbeit he would not go , but blessed him .
13 : 12 Your remembrances are like unto ashes , your bodies to bodies of clay .
Her accommodations were limited to a noisy parlour , and a dark bedroom behind , with no possibility of moving from one to the other without assistance , which there was only one servant in the house to afford , and she never quitted the house but to be conveyed into the warm bath .
Elinor had not needed this to be assured of the injustice to which her sister was often led in her opinion of others , by the irritable refinement of her own mind , and the too great importance placed by her on the delicacies of a strong sensibility , and the graces of a polished manner .
At last Miss Elliot and her friend , unattended but by the servant , ( for there was no cousin returned ), were walking off ; and Captain Wentworth , watching them , turned again to Anne , and by manner , rather than words , was offering his services to her .
It depends entirely upon his aunt ' s spirits and pleasure ; in short , upon her temper .
She was safely down , and instantly , to show her enjoyment , ran up the steps to be jumped down again .
" Miss Woodhouse ," said Frank Churchill , after examining a table behind him , which he could reach as he sat , " have your nephews taken away their alphabets -- their box of letters ?
The struggle was great -- but it ended too soon .
" I presume to observe , Sir Walter , that , in the way of business , gentlemen of the navy are well to deal with .
Lucy was all exultation on being so honorably distinguished ; and Miss Steele wanted only to be teazed about Dr . Davies to be perfectly happy .
Mr Shepherd , a civil , cautious lawyer , who , whatever might be his hold or his views on Sir Walter , would rather have the disagreeable prompted by anybody else , excused himself from offering the slightest hint , and only begged leave to recommend an implicit reference to the excellent judgement of Lady Russell , from whose known good sense he fully expected to have just such resolute measures advised as he meant to see finally adopted .
Upon the whole , Emma left her with such softened , charitable feelings , as made her look around in walking home , and lament that Highbury afforded no young man worthy of giving her independence ; nobody that she could wish to scheme about for her .
and the sabbath , that we may set forth wheat , making the ephah small , and the shekel great , and falsifying the balances by deceit ?
" There is one subject ," he replied , " I hope but one , on which we do not think alike ."
No , he would sooner quit Kellynch Hall at once , than remain in it on such disgraceful terms ."
" I went only to the post - office ," said she , " and reached home before the rain was much .
let them arise , if they can save thee in the time of thy trouble : for according to the number of thy cities are thy gods , O Judah .
13 : 2 A man shall eat good by the fruit of his mouth : but the soul of the transgressors shall eat violence .
And Amaziah his son reigned in his stead .
10 : 14 Now the weight of gold that came to Solomon in one year was six hundred threescore and six talents of gold , 10 : 15 Beside that he had of the merchantmen , and of the traffick of the spice merchants , and of all the kings of Arabia , and of the governors of the country .
And the woman said unto them , They be gone over the brook of water .
37 : 30 And he returned unto his brethren , and said , The child is not ; and I , whither shall I go ?
11 : 22 Then Pharaoh said unto him , But what hast thou lacked with me , that , behold , thou seekest to go to thine own country ?
The Book of Psalms
100 : 1 Make a joyful noise unto the LORD , all ye lands .
He had been to several families that morning in hopes of procuring some addition to their number , but it was moonlight and every body was full of engagements .
3 : 25 And they tarried till they were ashamed : and , behold , he opened not the doors of the parlour ; therefore they took a key , and opened them : and , behold , their lord was fallen down dead on the earth .
No , it was too unkind .
34 : 14 And when they brought out the money that was brought into the house of the LORD , Hilkiah the priest found a book of the law of the LORD given by Moses .
14 : 11 Him that dieth of Jeroboam in the city shall the dogs eat ; and him that dieth in the field shall the fowls of the air eat : for the LORD hath spoken it .
28 : 26 Also in the day of the firstfruits , when ye bring a new meat offering unto the LORD , after your weeks be out , ye shall have an holy convocation ; ye shall do no servile work : 28 : 27 But ye shall offer the burnt offering for a sweet savour unto the LORD ; two young bullocks , one ram , seven lambs of the first year ; 28 : 28 And their meat offering of flour mingled with oil , three tenth deals unto one bullock , two tenth deals unto one ram , 28 : 29 A several tenth deal unto one lamb , throughout the seven lambs ; 28 : 30 And one kid of the goats , to make an atonement for you .
10 : 37 They said unto him , Grant unto us that we may sit , one on thy right hand , and the other on thy left hand , in thy glory .
21 : 3 Suffer me that I may speak ; and after that I have spoken , mock on .
Her second note , which had been written on the morning after the dance at the Middletons ', was in these words :--
32 : 34 And the children of Gad built Dibon , and Ataroth , and Aroer , 32 : 35 And Atroth , Shophan , and Jaazer , and Jogbehah , 32 : 36 And Bethnimrah , and Bethharan , fenced cities : and folds for sheep .
He had left them completely frightened ; and Harriet eagerly clinging to him , and hardly able to speak , had just strength enough to reach Hartfield , before her spirits were quite overcome .
Their dress was very smart , their manners very civil , they were delighted with the house , and in raptures with the furniture , and they happened to be so doatingly fond of children that Lady Middleton ' s good opinion was engaged in their favour before they had been an hour at the Park .
And they told David , saying , That the men of Jabeshgilead were they that buried Saul .
7 : 1 Is there not an appointed time to man upon earth ?
" Choice !-- how do you mean ?"
And Esther set Mordecai over the house of Haman .
While Captains Wentworth and Harville led the talk on one side of the room , and by recurring to former days , supplied anecdotes in abundance to occupy and entertain the others , it fell to Anne ' s lot to be placed rather apart with Captain Benwick ; and a very good impulse of her nature obliged her to begin an acquaintance with him .
37 : 7 Behold , I will send a blast upon him , and he shall hear a rumour , and return to his own land ; and I will cause him to fall by the sword in his own land .
32 : 18 Then thou shalt say , They be thy servant Jacob ' s ; it is a present sent unto my lord Esau : and , behold , also he is behind us .
And Doeg the Edomite turned , and he fell upon the priests , and slew on that day fourscore and five persons that did wear a linen ephod .
They are both delightful women , indeed !-- I wonder I should never hear you say how agreeable Mrs . Dashwood was !"
" To be sure he is .
9 : 1 Now there was a man of Benjamin , whose name was Kish , the son of Abiel , the son of Zeror , the son of Bechorath , the son of Aphiah , a Benjamite , a mighty man of power .
And when he had spoken this word unto me , I stood trembling .
46 : 15 Why are thy valiant men swept away ?
30 : 17 But if thine heart turn away , so that thou wilt not hear , but shalt be drawn away , and worship other gods , and serve them ; 30 : 18 I denounce unto you this day , that ye shall surely perish , and that ye shall not prolong your days upon the land , whither thou passest over Jordan to go to possess it .
It was impossible to say how much he should be gratified by being employed on such an errand ."
107 : 10 Such as sit in darkness and in the shadow of death , being bound in affliction and iron ;
" What a charming thing it is that Mrs . Dashwood can spare you both for so long a time together !"
5 : 18 Zebulun and Naphtali were a people that jeoparded their lives unto the death in the high places of the field .
But all these things took up a great deal of time ."
15 : 27 And as Samuel turned about to go away , he laid hold upon the skirt of his mantle , and it rent .
But sometimes of an evening , before we went to cards , he would read something aloud out of the Elegant Extracts , very entertaining .
There was no recovering Miss Taylor -- nor much likelihood of ceasing to pity her ; but a few weeks brought some alleviation to Mr . Woodhouse .
3 : 7 And I said after she had done all these things , Turn thou unto me .
" He came to their father upon some business , and he asked him to stay to dinner ."
2 : 13 So they sat down with him upon the ground seven days and seven nights , and none spake a word unto him : for they saw that his grief was very great .
When the LORD shall stretch out his hand , both he that helpeth shall fall , and he that is holpen shall fall down , and they all shall fail together .
I have shewn you Mr Elliot as he was a dozen years ago , and I will shew him as he is now .
9 : 9 And the sons of Aaron brought the blood unto him : and he dipped his finger in the blood , and put it upon the horns of the altar , and poured out the blood at the bottom of the altar : 9 : 10 But the fat , and the kidneys , and the caul above the liver of the sin offering , he burnt upon the altar ; as the LORD commanded Moses .
Mrs . Dashwood could think of no other question , and Thomas and the tablecloth , now alike needless , were soon afterwards dismissed .
However , I don ' t think her hardly at all handsomer than you , I assure you ; for I think you both excessively pretty , and so does Mr . Palmer too I am sure , though we could not get him to own it last night ."
I know what you mean -- but Emma ' s hand is the strongest ."
10 : 32 Jesus answered them , Many good works have I shewed you from my Father ; for which of those works do ye stone me ?
Every body must have seen the snow coming on .
73 : 20 As a dream when one awaketh ; so , O Lord , when thou awakest , thou shalt despise their image .
3 : 15 And account that the longsuffering of our Lord is salvation ; even as our beloved brother Paul also according to the wisdom given unto him hath written unto you ; 3 : 16 As also in all his epistles , speaking in them of these things ; in which are some things hard to be understood , which they that are unlearned and unstable wrest , as they do also the other scriptures , unto their own destruction .
4 : 8 Draw nigh to God , and he will draw nigh to you .
3 : 15 What mean ye that ye beat my people to pieces , and grind the faces of the poor ?
Thus saith the LORD God of Israel , I anointed thee king over Israel , and I delivered thee out of the hand of Saul ; 12 : 8 And I gave thee thy master ' s house , and thy master ' s wives into thy bosom , and gave thee the house of Israel and of Judah ; and if that had been too little , I would moreover have given unto thee such and such things .
You are endeavouring to disarm me by reason , and to convince me against my will .
105 : 30 Their land brought forth frogs in abundance , in the chambers of their kings .
I felt that I admired you , but I told myself it was only friendship ; and till I began to make comparisons between yourself and Lucy , I did not know how far I was got .
" You are very obliging ; but as to all that , I am very indifferent ; it would be no object to me to be with the rich ; my mortifications , I think , would only be the greater ; I should suffer more from comparison .
6 : 5 Turn away thine eyes from me , for they have overcome me : thy hair is as a flock of goats that appear from Gilead .
It is Mr Elliot himself ."
21 : 19 And when he had saluted them , he declared particularly what things God had wrought among the Gentiles by his ministry .
It may not be felt in Bath , with your nice pavements ; but in the country it is of some consequence .
She then repeated some warm personal praise which she had drawn from Mr . Elton , and now did full justice to ; and Harriet blushed and smiled , and said she had always thought Mr . Elton very agreeable .
Anne was astonished to recognise the same hills and the same objects so soon .
A real injury to the children -- a most mortifying change , and material loss to them all ;-- a very great deduction from her father ' s daily comfort -- and , as to herself , she could not at all endure the idea of Jane Fairfax at Donwell Abbey .
11 : 33 O the depth of the riches both of the wisdom and knowledge of God !
5 : 15 But if ye bite and devour one another , take heed that ye be not consumed one of another .
24 : 7 The LORD God of heaven , which took me from my father ' s house , and from the land of my kindred , and which spake unto me , and that sware unto me , saying , Unto thy seed will I give this land ; he shall send his angel before thee , and thou shalt take a wife unto my son from thence .
and let the sword be doubled the third time , the sword of the slain : it is the sword of the great men that are slain , which entereth into their privy chambers .
1 : 11 Then David took hold on his clothes , and rent them ; and likewise all the men that were with him : 1 : 12 And they mourned , and wept , and fasted until even , for Saul , and for Jonathan his son , and for the people of the LORD , and for the house of Israel ; because they were fallen by the sword .
41 : 2 Canst thou put an hook into his nose ?
26 : 1 As snow in summer , and as rain in harvest , so honour is not seemly for a fool .
5 : 9 In mine ears said the LORD of hosts , Of a truth many houses shall be desolate , even great and fair , without inhabitant .
22 : 6 For thus saith the LORD unto the king ' s house of Judah ; Thou art Gilead unto me , and the head of Lebanon : yet surely I will make thee a wilderness , and cities which are not inhabited .
14 : 2 He was twenty and five years old when he began to reign , and reigned twenty and nine years in Jerusalem .
23 : 21 Thus thou calledst to remembrance the lewdness of thy youth , in bruising thy teats by the Egyptians for the paps of thy youth .
1 : 10 Hear the word of the LORD , ye rulers of Sodom ; give ear unto the law of our God , ye people of Gomorrah .
Miss Hawkins was the youngest of the two daughters of a Bristol -- merchant , of course , he must be called ; but , as the whole of the profits of his mercantile life appeared so very moderate , it was not unfair to guess the dignity of his line of trade had been very moderate also .
19 : 8 Then the nations set against him on every side from the provinces , and spread their net over him : he was taken in their pit .
5 : 8 Lead me , O LORD , in thy righteousness because of mine enemies ; make thy way straight before my face .
11 : 5 And the woman conceived , and sent and told David , and said , I am with child .
Mary was not so repulsive and unsisterly as Elizabeth , nor so inaccessible to all influence of hers ; neither was there anything among the other component parts of the cottage inimical to comfort .
She had no resources for solitude ; and inheriting a considerable share of the Elliot self - importance , was very prone to add to every other distress that of fancying herself neglected and ill - used .
Well , I shall bring Jane with me -- Jane and her aunt .-- The rest I leave to you .
1 : 12 And they went every one straight forward : whither the spirit was to go , they went ; and they turned not when they went .
Before they were beyond her hearing , however , Louisa spoke again .
4 : 12 Let no man despise thy youth ; but be thou an example of the believers , in word , in conversation , in charity , in spirit , in faith , in purity .
12 : 45 And he that seeth me seeth him that sent me .
39 : 23 The quiver rattleth against him , the glittering spear and the shield .
I never compliment .
11 : 33 No man , when he hath lighted a candle , putteth it in a secret place , neither under a bushel , but on a candlestick , that they which come in may see the light .
36 : 4 And Adah bare to Esau Eliphaz ; and Bashemath bare Reuel ; 36 : 5 And Aholibamah bare Jeush , and Jaalam , and Korah : these are the sons of Esau , which were born unto him in the land of Canaan .
24 : 6 And thou shalt set them in two rows , six on a row , upon the pure table before the LORD .
she is gone up upon every high mountain and under every green tree , and there hath played the harlot .
5 : 18 And he shall bring a ram without blemish out of the flock , with thy estimation , for a trespass offering , unto the priest : and the priest shall make an atonement for him concerning his ignorance wherein he erred and wist it not , and it shall be forgiven him .
8 : 19 When I brake the five loaves among five thousand , how many baskets full of fragments took ye up ?
You think so , do not you ?"
8 : 23 And Gideon said unto them , I will not rule over you , neither shall my son rule over you : the LORD shall rule over you .
35 : 12 And they shall be unto you cities for refuge from the avenger ; that the manslayer die not , until he stand before the congregation in judgment .
19 : 47 And he taught daily in the temple .
" He cannot bear writing , you know ," she continued -- " he says it is quite shocking ."
.
13 : 14 And I will dash them one against another , even the fathers and the sons together , saith the LORD : I will not pity , nor spare , nor have mercy , but destroy them .
How can a child , when fears annoy , But droop his tender wing , And forget his youthful spring ?
I mean in person -- tall , and with that sort of look -- and not very talkative ."
Let her marry Robert Martin , and she is safe , respectable , and happy for ever ; but if you encourage her to expect to marry greatly , and teach her to be satisfied with nothing less than a man of consequence and large fortune , she may be a parlour - boarder at Mrs . Goddard ' s all the rest of her life -- or , at least , ( for Harriet Smith is a girl who will marry somebody or other ,) till she grow desperate , and is glad to catch at the old writing - master ' s son ."
8 : 55 And he stood , and blessed all the congregation of Israel with a loud voice , saying , 8 : 56 Blessed be the LORD , that hath given rest unto his people Israel , according to all that he promised : there hath not failed one word of all his good promise , which he promised by the hand of Moses his servant .
19 : 30 And Lot went up out of Zoar , and dwelt in the mountain , and his two daughters with him ; for he feared to dwell in Zoar : and he dwelt in a cave , he and his two daughters .
But I must be more in want of a friend , or an agreeable companion , than I have yet been , to take the trouble of conquering any body ' s reserve to procure one .
4 : 41 Then Moses severed three cities on this side Jordan toward the sunrising ; 4 : 42 That the slayer might flee thither , which should kill his neighbour unawares , and hated him not in times past ; and that fleeing unto one of these cities he might live : 4 : 43 Namely , Bezer in the wilderness , in the plain country , of the Reubenites ; and Ramoth in Gilead , of the Gadites ; and Golan in Bashan , of the Manassites .
11 : 8 For the man is not of the woman : but the woman of the man .
8 : 30 As he spake these words , many believed on him .
And they parted his raiment , and cast lots .
7 : 5 Let the enemy persecute my soul , and take it ; yea , let him tread down my life upon the earth , and lay mine honour in the dust .
He considered the blessing of beauty as inferior only to the blessing of a baronetcy ; and the Sir Walter Elliot , who united these gifts , was the constant object of his warmest respect and devotion .
2 : 20 Esther had not yet shewed her kindred nor her people ; as Mordecai had charged her : for Esther did the commandment of Mordecai , like as when she was brought up with him .
13 : 43 Now when the congregation was broken up , many of the Jews and religious proselytes followed Paul and Barnabas : who , speaking to them , persuaded them to continue in the grace of God .
To consult with Colonel Brandon on the best means of effecting the latter , was a thought which immediately followed the resolution of its performance ; and as soon she had rung up the maid to take her place by her sister , she hastened down to the drawing - room , where she knew he was generally to be found at a much later hour than the present .
8 : 14 For as many as are led by the Spirit of God , they are the sons of God .
Mr . Harris , who attended her every day , still talked boldly of a speedy recovery , and Miss Dashwood was equally sanguine ; but the expectation of the others was by no means so cheerful .
Marianne was quite subdued .--
Elinor and her mother rose up in amazement at their entrance , and while the eyes of both were fixed on him with an evident wonder and a secret admiration which equally sprung from his appearance , he apologized for his intrusion by relating its cause , in a manner so frank and so graceful that his person , which was uncommonly handsome , received additional charms from his voice and expression .
9 : 6 And they departed , and went through the towns , preaching the gospel , and healing every where .
Soldiers , in active service , are not at all better off : and even in the quieter professions , there is a toil and a labour of the mind , if not of the body , which seldom leaves a man ' s looks to the natural effect of time .
Emma ' s project of forgetting Mr . Elton for a while made her rather sorry to find , when they had all taken their places , that he was close to her .
34 : 12 Yea , surely God will not do wickedly , neither will the Almighty pervert judgment .
20 : 33 Now the men did diligently observe whether any thing would come from him , and did hastily catch it : and they said , Thy brother Benhadad .
12 : 12 How much then is a man better than a sheep ?
She was in good humour with all .
Her mother , sisters , Fanny , all had been conscious of his regard for her at Norland ; it was not an illusion of her own vanity .
3 : 17 Thy crowned are as the locusts , and thy captains as the great grasshoppers , which camp in the hedges in the cold day , but when the sun ariseth they flee away , and their place is not known where they are .
" What is to be done , my dear Emma ?-- what is to be done ?"
32 : 21 So went the present over before him : and himself lodged that night in the company .
The Woodhouses were first in consequence there .
In one point , I am sure , my dear cousin ," ( he continued , speaking lower , though there was no one else in the room ) " in one point , I am sure , we must feel alike .
3 : 24 For John was not yet cast into prison .
26 : 15 The slothful hideth his hand in his bosom ; it grieveth him to bring it again to his mouth .
They are good - natured people , and think little of their own claims ; but still they must feel that any body ' s hurrying away is no great compliment ; and Miss Woodhouse ' s doing it would be more thought of than any other person ' s in the room .
106 : 11 And the waters covered their enemies : there was not one of them left .
15 : 31 And he said unto him , Son , thou art ever with me , and all that I have is thine .
She begged him to think again on the subject .
Salvation is of the LORD .
19 : 1 In the third month , when the children of Israel were gone forth out of the land of Egypt , the same day came they into the wilderness of Sinai .
.
You know your own concerns best .
32 : 9 For when they went up unto the valley of Eshcol , and saw the land , they discouraged the heart of the children of Israel , that they should not go into the land which the LORD had given them .
How inconsiderate , how indelicate , how irrational , how unfeeling had been her conduct !
18 : 14 The spirit of a man will sustain his infirmity ; but a wounded spirit who can bear ?
She was proved to have been universally mistaken ; and she had not quite done nothing -- for she had done mischief .
32 : 15 For if ye turn away from after him , he will yet again leave them in the wilderness ; and ye shall destroy all this people .
9 : 11 In that day will I raise up the tabernacle of David that is fallen , and close up the breaches thereof ; and I will raise up his ruins , and I will build it as in the days of old : 9 : 12 That they may possess the remnant of Edom , and of all the heathen , which are called by my name , saith the LORD that doeth this .
He does not read ?"
When you have lived to my age , you will begin to think letters are never worth going through the rain for ."
25 : 43 Thou shalt not rule over him with rigour ; but shalt fear thy God .
All this spoken extremely fast obliged Miss Bates to stop for breath ; and Emma said something very civil about the excellence of Miss Fairfax ' s handwriting .
or their border greater than your border ?
13 : 3 And the word of the LORD came unto me the second time , saying , 13 : 4 Take the girdle that thou hast got , which is upon thy loins , and arise , go to Euphrates , and hide it there in a hole of the rock .
" If that is all , you may be satisfied already ,-- for Marianne DOES -- she has LONG forgiven you ."
O LORD , thou art our God ; let no man prevail against thee .
18 : 26 One of the servants of the high priest , being his kinsman whose ear Peter cut off , saith , Did not I see thee in the garden with him ?
Oh !
22 : 28 Thou shalt not revile the gods , nor curse the ruler of thy people .
" Read it , read it ," said he , " it will give you pleasure ; only a few lines -- will not take you long ; read it to Emma ."
12 : 1 And at that time shall Michael stand up , the great prince which standeth for the children of thy people : and there shall be a time of trouble , such as never was since there was a nation even to that same time : and at that time thy people shall be delivered , every one that shall be found written in the book .
I thought it must be so .
How came they acquainted ?"
27 : 41 Likewise also the chief priests mocking him , with the scribes and elders , said , 27 : 42 He saved others ; himself he cannot save .
And he said , It is Elijah the Tishbite .
38 : 19 And Zedekiah the king said unto Jeremiah , I am afraid of the Jews that are fallen to the Chaldeans , lest they deliver me into their hand , and they mock me .
" Dirty , sir !
18 : 4 He removed the high places , and brake the images , and cut down the groves , and brake in pieces the brasen serpent that Moses had made : for unto those days the children of Israel did burn incense to it : and he called it Nehushtan .
7 : 25 Wherefore he is able also to save them to the uttermost that come unto God by him , seeing he ever liveth to make intercession for them .
15 : 27 And she said , Truth , Lord : yet the dogs eat of the crumbs which fall from their masters ' table .
3 : 28 Therefore we conclude that a man is justified by faith without the deeds of the law .
1 : 13 Yea , I think it meet , as long as I am in this tabernacle , to stir you up by putting you in remembrance ; 1 : 14 Knowing that shortly I must put off this my tabernacle , even as our Lord Jesus Christ hath shewed me .
3 : 4 I cried unto the LORD with my voice , and he heard me out of his holy hill .
4 : 13 We having the same spirit of faith , according as it is written , I believed , and therefore have I spoken ; we also believe , and therefore speak ; 4 : 14 Knowing that he which raised up the Lord Jesus shall raise up us also by Jesus , and shall present us with you .
She was evidently displeased ; looked up , and seeing herself watched , blushed more deeply than he had ever perceived her , and saying only , " I did not know that proper names were allowed ," pushed away the letters with even an angry spirit , and looked resolved to be engaged by no other word that could be offered .
Anne had always felt that she would pretend what was proper on her arrival , but the complaisance of the others was unlooked for .
14 : 29 Lest haply , after he hath laid the foundation , and is not able to finish it , all that behold it begin to mock him , 14 : 30 Saying , This man began to build , and was not able to finish .
9 : 35 Jesus heard that they had cast him out ; and when he had found him , he said unto him , Dost thou believe on the Son of God ?
Let me die the death of the righteous , and let my last end be like his !
2 : 26 The king answered and said to Daniel , whose name was Belteshazzar , Art thou able to make known unto me the dream which I have seen , and the interpretation thereof ?
You are making a most disgraceful connection , and such a one as your family are unanimous in disapproving .'
On the contrary , every friend must be made still more her friend by them .
And how suffer him to leave her without saying one word of gratitude , of concurrence , of common kindness !
25 : 17 Ye shall not therefore oppress one another ; but thou shalt fear thy God : for I am the LORD your God .
45 : 16 They shall be ashamed , and also confounded , all of them : they shall go to confusion together that are makers of idols .
And they both long to see you of all things , for they have heard at Exeter that you are the most beautiful creatures in the world ; and I have told them it is all very true , and a great deal more .
" Oh !
53 : 12 Therefore will I divide him a portion with the great , and he shall divide the spoil with the strong ; because he hath poured out his soul unto death : and he was numbered with the transgressors ; and he bare the sin of many , and made intercession for the transgressors .
20 : 2 And it shall be , when ye are come nigh unto the battle , that the priest shall approach and speak unto the people , 20 : 3 And shall say unto them , Hear , O Israel , ye approach this day unto battle against your enemies : let not your hearts faint , fear not , and do not tremble , neither be ye terrified because of them ; 20 : 4 For the LORD your God is he that goeth with you , to fight for you against your enemies , to save you .
3 : 4 When Christ , who is our life , shall appear , then shall ye also appear with him in glory .
24 : 26 And the man bowed down his head , and worshipped the LORD .
My regard for her , for yourself , for your mother -- will you allow me to prove it , by relating some circumstances which nothing but a VERY sincere regard -- nothing but an earnest desire of being useful -- I think I am justified -- though where so many hours have been spent in convincing myself that I am right , is there not some reason to fear I may be wrong ?"
4 : 10 And he set the sea on the right side of the east end , over against the south .
She saw , that in persuading herself , in fancying , in acting to the contrary , she had been entirely under a delusion , totally ignorant of her own heart -- and , in short , that she had never really cared for Frank Churchill at all !
29 : 7 And the multitude of all the nations that fight against Ariel , even all that fight against her and her munition , and that distress her , shall be as a dream of a night vision .
23 : 22 Surely there was not holden such a passover from the days of the judges that judged Israel , nor in all the days of the kings of Israel , nor of the kings of Judah ; 23 : 23 But in the eighteenth year of king Josiah , wherein this passover was holden to the LORD in Jerusalem .
14 : 13 And Moses said unto the LORD , Then the Egyptians shall hear it , ( for thou broughtest up this people in thy might from among them ;) 14 : 14 And they will tell it to the inhabitants of this land : for they have heard that thou LORD art among this people , that thou LORD art seen face to face , and that thy cloud standeth over them , and that thou goest before them , by day time in a pillar of a cloud , and in a pillar of fire by night .
" Lost in desert wild Is your little child .
44 : 19 And when we burned incense to the queen of heaven , and poured out drink offerings unto her , did we make her cakes to worship her , and pour out drink offerings unto her , without our men ?
He drew , he varnished , he carpentered , he glued ; he made toys for the children ; he fashioned new netting - needles and pins with improvements ; and if everything else was done , sat down to his large fishing - net at one corner of the room .
" Oh , yes ; and as like him as she can stare .
She could not endure that such a friendship as theirs should be severed unfairly .
They contained a noble piece of water ; a sail on which was to a form a great part of the morning ' s amusement ; cold provisions were to be taken , open carriages only to be employed , and every thing conducted in the usual style of a complete party of pleasure .
It seemed to him a very ill - judged measure ."
12 : 11 And after him Elon , a Zebulonite , judged Israel ; and he judged Israel ten years .
17 : 24 Father , I will that they also , whom thou hast given me , be with me where I am ; that they may behold my glory , which thou hast given me : for thou lovedst me before the foundation of the world .
Money , you know , coming down with money -- two daughters at once -- it cannot be a very agreeable operation , and it streightens him as to many things .
73 : 27 For , lo , they that are far from thee shall perish : thou hast destroyed all them that go a whoring from thee .
33 : 15 In those days , and at that time , will I cause the Branch of righteousness to grow up unto David ; and he shall execute judgment and righteousness in the land .
6 : 1 But Job answered and said , 6 : 2 Oh that my grief were throughly weighed , and my calamity laid in the balances together !
2 : 5 Like the noise of chariots on the tops of mountains shall they leap , like the noise of a flame of fire that devoureth the stubble , as a strong people set in battle array .
" What !
Anne looked down to hide her smile .
6 : 18 And ye , in any wise keep yourselves from the accursed thing , lest ye make yourselves accursed , when ye take of the accursed thing , and make the camp of Israel a curse , and trouble it .
41 : 4 So he measured the length thereof , twenty cubits ; and the breadth , twenty cubits , before the temple : and he said unto me , This is the most holy place .
2 : 2 Wherefore the king said unto me , Why is thy countenance sad , seeing thou art not sick ?
11 : 8 His disciples say unto him , Master , the Jews of late sought to stone thee ; and goest thou thither again ?
Louisa could not listen at all to his account of a conversation which he had just held with Dr Shirley : she was at a window , looking out for Captain Wentworth ; and even Henrietta had at best only a divided attention to give , and seemed to have forgotten all the former doubt and solicitude of the negotiation .
" My brother ," whispered one of the girls ; " mamma is thinking of poor Richard ."
Mrs . Dashwood ' s visit to Lady Middleton took place the next day , and two of her daughters went with her ; but Marianne excused herself from being of the party , under some trifling pretext of employment ; and her mother , who concluded that a promise had been made by Willoughby the night before of calling on her while they were absent , was perfectly satisfied with her remaining at home .
22 : 12 And he made darkness pavilions round about him , dark waters , and thick clouds of the skies .
33 : 18 And they departed from Hazeroth , and pitched in Rithmah .
15 : 7 And it came to pass after forty years , that Absalom said unto the king , I pray thee , let me go and pay my vow , which I have vowed unto the LORD , in Hebron .
I would give anything to know the truth of it .
It must be her ardent wish that Harriet might be disappointed ; and she hoped , that when able to see them together again , she might at least be able to ascertain what the chances for it were .-- She should see them henceforward with the closest observance ; and wretchedly as she had hitherto misunderstood even those she was watching , she did not know how to admit that she could be blinded here .-- He was expected back every day .
113 : 6 Who humbleth himself to behold the things that are in heaven , and in the earth !
And they built a city , and dwelt therein .
61 : 4 And they shall build the old wastes , they shall raise up the former desolations , and they shall repair the waste cities , the desolations of many generations .
12 : 8 Also I say unto you , Whosoever shall confess me before men , him shall the Son of man also confess before the angels of God : 12 : 9 But he that denieth me before men shall be denied before the angels of God .
I used to be quite angry with Selina ; but really I begin now to comprehend that a married woman has many things to call her attention .
" Yes , I have no doubt of her being extremely attached to him ."
27 : 6 Thou shalt build the altar of the LORD thy God of whole stones : and thou shalt offer burnt offerings thereon unto the LORD thy God : 27 : 7 And thou shalt offer peace offerings , and shalt eat there , and rejoice before the LORD thy God .
Her father and sister were glad to see her , for the sake of shewing her the house and furniture , and met her with kindness .
1 : 29 Then I said unto you , Dread not , neither be afraid of them .
The openness and heartiness of her manner more than atoned for that want of recollection and elegance which made her often deficient in the forms of politeness ; her kindness , recommended by so pretty a face , was engaging ; her folly , though evident was not disgusting , because it was not conceited ; and Elinor could have forgiven every thing but her laugh .
for that day is great , so that none is like it : it is even the time of Jacob ' s trouble , but he shall be saved out of it .
4 : 24 And he said unto them , Take heed what ye hear : with what measure ye mete , it shall be measured to you : and unto you that hear shall more be given .
She was as much convinced of his meaning to gain Anne in time as of his deserving her , and was beginning to calculate the number of weeks which would free him from all the remaining restraints of widowhood , and leave him at liberty to exert his most open powers of pleasing .
If Elizabeth and her father did not deceive themselves , had been taking much pains to seek the acquaintance , and proclaim the value of the connection , as he had formerly taken pains to shew neglect .
Another minute brought another addition .
4 : 4 Now to him that worketh is the reward not reckoned of grace , but of debt .
18 : 1 And the LORD appeared unto him in the plains of Mamre : and he sat in the tent door in the heat of the day ; 18 : 2 And he lift up his eyes and looked , and , lo , three men stood by him : and when he saw them , he ran to meet them from the tent door , and bowed himself toward the ground , 18 : 3 And said , My LORD , if now I have found favour in thy sight , pass not away , I pray thee , from thy servant : 18 : 4 Let a little water , I pray you , be fetched , and wash your feet , and rest yourselves under the tree : 18 : 5 And I will fetch a morsel of bread , and comfort ye your hearts ; after that ye shall pass on : for therefore are ye come to your servant .
13 : 10 Of the tribe of Zebulun , Gaddiel the son of Sodi .
Something new for your coachman and horses to be making their way through a storm of snow ."
1 : 6 Therefore I will make Samaria as an heap of the field , and as plantings of a vineyard : and I will pour down the stones thereof into the valley , and I will discover the foundations thereof .
5 : 17 Then shall the lambs feed after their manner , and the waste places of the fat ones shall strangers eat .
5 : 18 Behold that which I have seen : it is good and comely for one to eat and to drink , and to enjoy the good of all his labour that he taketh under the sun all the days of his life , which God giveth him : for it is his portion .
The very want of such equality might prevent his perception of it ; but he must know that in fortune and consequence she was greatly his superior .
11 : 11 If a son shall ask bread of any of you that is a father , will he give him a stone ?
" You are mistaken ," said he gently , " that is not good company ; that is the best .
Verily , verily , I say unto you , Whatsoever ye shall ask the Father in my name , he will give it you .
" On the misery of what she had suffered , during the concealment of so many months ," continued Mrs . Weston , " she was energetic .
16 : 30 Fear before him , all the earth : the world also shall be stable , that it be not moved .
where is he that hath taken venison , and brought it me , and I have eaten of all before thou camest , and have blessed him ?
She will be extremely sorry to miss seeing you , Miss Woodhouse , but your kindness will excuse her .
" Mr . Elton , this is the most extraordinary conduct !
36 : 26 A new heart also will I give you , and a new spirit will I put within you : and I will take away the stony heart out of your flesh , and I will give you an heart of flesh .
21 : 9 And the same man had four daughters , virgins , which did prophesy .
1 : 28 And the destruction of the transgressors and of the sinners shall be together , and they that forsake the LORD shall be consumed .
8 : 18 And the magicians did so with their enchantments to bring forth lice , but they could not : so there were lice upon man , and upon beast .
There they returned again into the past , more exquisitely happy , perhaps , in their re - union , than when it had been first projected ; more tender , more tried , more fixed in a knowledge of each other ' s character , truth , and attachment ; more equal to act , more justified in acting .
Elinor found that he and Fanny had been in town two days .
That was just like Lucy .-- Poor soul !
She would catch a dreadful cold .
" What shall you do !
And Moses hid his face ; for he was afraid to look upon God .
Nothing could be done without a reference to Elizabeth : but her inclination was growing so strong for a removal , that she was happy to have it fixed and expedited by a tenant at hand ; and not a word to suspend decision was uttered by her .
17 : 16 And the ten horns which thou sawest upon the beast , these shall hate the whore , and shall make her desolate and naked , and shall eat her flesh , and burn her with fire .
5 : 25 Thou shalt know also that thy seed shall be great , and thine offspring as the grass of the earth .
1 : 17 While he was yet speaking , there came also another , and said , The Chaldeans made out three bands , and fell upon the camels , and have carried them away , yea , and slain the servants with the edge of the sword ; and I only am escaped alone to tell thee .
Sincerely wish you happy in your choice , and it shall not be my fault if we are not always good friends , as our near relationship now makes proper .
10 : 26 He said unto him , What is written in the law ?
2 : 46 So the king commanded Benaiah the son of Jehoiada ; which went out , and fell upon him , that he died .
You must be the best judge of your own happiness .
16 : 16 And it came to pass , when Hushai the Archite , David ' s friend , was come unto Absalom , that Hushai said unto Absalom , God save the king , God save the king .
Every letter from her is read forty times over ; her compliments to all friends go round and round again ; and if she does but send her aunt the pattern of a stomacher , or knit a pair of garters for her grandmother , one hears of nothing else for a month .
37 : 5 Commit thy way unto the LORD ; trust also in him ; and he shall bring it to pass .
But I never heard it spoken of till two days ago ."
20 : 16 And let that man be as the cities which the LORD overthrew , and repented not : and let him hear the cry in the morning , and the shouting at noontide ; 20 : 17 Because he slew me not from the womb ; or that my mother might have been my grave , and her womb to be always great with me .
How the trampers might have behaved , had the young ladies been more courageous , must be doubtful ; but such an invitation for attack could not be resisted ; and Harriet was soon assailed by half a dozen children , headed by a stout woman and a great boy , all clamorous , and impertinent in look , though not absolutely in word .-- More and more frightened , she immediately promised them money , and taking out her purse , gave them a shilling , and begged them not to want more , or to use her ill .-- She was then able to walk , though but slowly , and was moving away -- but her terror and her purse were too tempting , and she was followed , or rather surrounded , by the whole gang , demanding more .
4 : 9 For I think that God hath set forth us the apostles last , as it were appointed to death : for we are made a spectacle unto the world , and to angels , and to men .
37 : 18 And when they saw him afar off , even before he came near unto them , they conspired against him to slay him .
37 : 18 Of a truth , LORD , the kings of Assyria have laid waste all the nations , and their countries , 37 : 19 And have cast their gods into the fire : for they were no gods , but the work of men ' s hands , wood and stone : therefore they have destroyed them .
15 : 7 If there be among you a poor man of one of thy brethren within any of thy gates in thy land which the LORD thy God giveth thee , thou shalt not harden thine heart , nor shut thine hand from thy poor brother : 15 : 8 But thou shalt open thine hand wide unto him , and shalt surely lend him sufficient for his need , in that which he wanteth .
But Mrs . Dashwood could find explanations whenever she wanted them , which at least satisfied herself .
Let my accents swell to Mickleham on one side , and Dorking on the other .
But he is a pleasant , good humoured fellow , and has got the nicest little black bitch of a pointer I ever saw .
22 : 7 Behold , I come quickly : blessed is he that keepeth the sayings of the prophecy of this book .
1 : 5 Now the end of the commandment is charity out of a pure heart , and of a good conscience , and of faith unfeigned : 1 : 6 From which some having swerved have turned aside unto vain jangling ; 1 : 7 Desiring to be teachers of the law ; understanding neither what they say , nor whereof they affirm .
Amen , and Amen .
4 : 38 And Elisha came again to Gilgal : and there was a dearth in the land ; and the sons of the prophets were sitting before him : and he said unto his servant , Set on the great pot , and seethe pottage for the sons of the prophets .
25 : 26 And thou shalt make for it four rings of gold , and put the rings in the four corners that are on the four feet thereof .
for as soon as Zion travailed , she brought forth her children .
15 : 6 For the LORD thy God blesseth thee , as he promised thee : and thou shalt lend unto many nations , but thou shalt not borrow ; and thou shalt reign over many nations , but they shall not reign over thee .
2 : 13 And Joab the son of Zeruiah , and the servants of David , went out , and met together by the pool of Gibeon : and they sat down , the one on the one side of the pool , and the other on the other side of the pool .
She could not stand it .
42 : 15 Now when he had made an end of measuring the inner house , he brought me forth toward the gate whose prospect is toward the east , and measured it round about .
2 : 5 And the sons of the prophets that were at Jericho came to Elisha , and said unto him , Knowest thou that the LORD will take away thy master from thy head to day ?
Of breakfast she had been kept by her fears , and of dinner by their sudden reverse , from eating much ;-- and the present refreshment , therefore , with such feelings of content as she brought to it , was particularly welcome .
" Now he must begin all over again with somebody else .
4 : 9 And Boaz said unto the elders , and unto all the people , Ye are witnesses this day , that I have bought all that was Elimelech ' s , and all that was Chilion ' s and Mahlon ' s , of the hand of Naomi .
she is a sweet creature !
33 : 18 He keepeth back his soul from the pit , and his life from perishing by the sword .
or what profit is there of circumcision ?
14 : 7 For every one of the house of Israel , or of the stranger that sojourneth in Israel , which separateth himself from me , and setteth up his idols in his heart , and putteth the stumblingblock of his iniquity before his face , and cometh to a prophet to enquire of him concerning me ; I the LORD will answer him by myself : 14 : 8 And I will set my face against that man , and will make him a sign and a proverb , and I will cut him off from the midst of my people ; and ye shall know that I am the LORD .
Elinor has not my feelings , and therefore she may overlook it , and be happy with him .
So upon that , he smirked , and simpered , and looked grave , and seemed to know something or other , and at last he said in a whisper , ' For fear any unpleasant report should reach the young ladies under your care as to their sister ' s indisposition , I think it advisable to say , that I believe there is no great reason for alarm ; I hope Mrs . Dashwood will do very well .'"
23 : 1 Then they told David , saying , Behold , the Philistines fight against Keilah , and they rob the threshingfloors .
And they offered burnt offerings in the house of the LORD continually all the days of Jehoiada .
23 : 34 Thou shalt even drink it and suck it out , and thou shalt break the sherds thereof , and pluck off thine own breasts : for I have spoken it , saith the Lord GOD .
12 : 5 And he said unto them , The LORD is witness against you , and his anointed is witness this day , that ye have not found ought in my hand .
73 : 15 If I say , I will speak thus ; behold , I should offend against the generation of thy children .
106 : 21 They forgat God their saviour , which had done great things in Egypt ;
Determined not to quit Marianne , though hopeless of contributing , at present , to her ease , she hurried away to excuse herself from attending Mrs . Jennings , on account of her sister being indisposed .
9 : 8 Say I these things as a man ?
15 : 10 And Shallum the son of Jabesh conspired against him , and smote him before the people , and slew him , and reigned in his stead .
and where is the place of my rest ?
29 : 1 And in the seventh month , on the first day of the month , ye shall have an holy convocation ; ye shall do no servile work : it is a day of blowing the trumpets unto you .
89 : 41 All that pass by the way spoil him : he is a reproach to his neighbours .
4 : 32 And their villages were , Etam , and Ain , Rimmon , and Tochen , and Ashan , five cities : 4 : 33 And all their villages that were round about the same cities , unto Baal .
" Not at all , sir .
I cannot keep my eyes from it .
28 : 22 Now therefore , I pray thee , hearken thou also unto the voice of thine handmaid , and let me set a morsel of bread before thee ; and eat , that thou mayest have strength , when thou goest on thy way .
17 : 10 Yea , behold , being planted , shall it prosper ?
The eternal gates terrific porter lifted the northern bar : Thel enter ' d in & saw the secrets of the land unknown ; She saw the couches of the dead , & where the fibrous roots Of every heart on earth infixes deep its restless twists : A land of sorrows & of tears where never smile was seen .
" Yes ; if you and Mr . Woodhouse see no objection , and I trust you cannot , my father hopes his friends will be so kind as to visit him there .
And her mother too , Mrs . Ferrars , a very good - natured woman , I am sure it would give her great pleasure ; she said as much the other day ."
9 : 23 And he said to them all , If any man will come after me , let him deny himself , and take up his cross daily , and follow me .
10 : 12 For we dare not make ourselves of the number , or compare ourselves with some that commend themselves : but they measuring themselves by themselves , and comparing themselves among themselves , are not wise .
In that case , nothing could be more pitiable or more honourable than the sacrifices she had resolved on .
27 : 5 And he cast down the pieces of silver in the temple , and departed , and went and hanged himself .
142 : 5 I cried unto thee , O LORD : I said , Thou art my refuge and my portion in the land of the living .
59 : 15 Let them wander up and down for meat , and grudge if they be not satisfied .
20 : 8 Then went in also that other disciple , which came first to the sepulchre , and he saw , and believed .
I did not immediately recollect .
13 : 32 And they brought up an evil report of the land which they had searched unto the children of Israel , saying , The land , through which we have gone to search it , is a land that eateth up the inhabitants thereof ; and all the people that we saw in it are men of a great stature .
CHAPTER 20
Selah .
32 : 15 Now therefore let not Hezekiah deceive you , nor persuade you on this manner , neither yet believe him : for no god of any nation or kingdom was able to deliver his people out of mine hand , and out of the hand of my fathers : how much less shall your God deliver you out of mine hand ?
" He should be happy to see Mrs . Goddard .
36 : 29 These are the dukes that came of the Horites ; duke Lotan , duke Shobal , duke Zibeon , duke Anah , 36 : 30 Duke Dishon , duke Ezer , duke Dishan : these are the dukes that came of Hori , among their dukes in the land of Seir .
" It would not be a great match for Henrietta , but Charles has a very fair chance , through the Spicers , of getting something from the Bishop in the course of a year or two ; and you will please to remember , that he is the eldest son ; whenever my uncle dies , he steps into very pretty property .
or what shall a man give in exchange for his soul ?
49 : 12 Nevertheless man being in honour abideth not : he is like the beasts that perish .
11 : 24 He shall enter peaceably even upon the fattest places of the province ; and he shall do that which his fathers have not done , nor his fathers ' fathers ; he shall scatter among them the prey , and spoil , and riches : yea , and he shall forecast his devices against the strong holds , even for a time .
16 : 17 And Absalom said to Hushai , Is this thy kindness to thy friend ?
6 : 33 So also made he for the door of the temple posts of olive tree , a fourth part of the wall .
32 : 25 And the children of Gad and the children of Reuben spake unto Moses , saying , Thy servants will do as my lord commandeth .
14 : 5 And the king said unto her , What aileth thee ?
26 : 8 And it came to pass , when he had been there a long time , that Abimelech king of the Philistines looked out at a window , and saw , and , behold , Isaac was sporting with Rebekah his wife .
The bustle and joy of such an arrival , the many to be talked to , welcomed , encouraged , and variously dispersed and disposed of , produced a noise and confusion which his nerves could not have borne under any other cause , nor have endured much longer even for this ; but the ways of Hartfield and the feelings of her father were so respected by Mrs . John Knightley , that in spite of maternal solicitude for the immediate enjoyment of her little ones , and for their having instantly all the liberty and attendance , all the eating and drinking , and sleeping and playing , which they could possibly wish for , without the smallest delay , the children were never allowed to be long a disturbance to him , either in themselves or in any restless attendance on them .
8 : 26 And the angel of the Lord spake unto Philip , saying , Arise , and go toward the south unto the way that goeth down from Jerusalem unto Gaza , which is desert .
8 : 31 What shall we then say to these things ?
13 : 1 Thus saith the LORD unto me , Go and get thee a linen girdle , and put it upon thy loins , and put it not in water .
( looking round with the most good - humoured dependence on every body ' s assent )-- Do not you all think I shall ?"
When the painted birds laugh in the shade , Where our table with cherries and nuts is spread : Come live , and be merry , and join with me , To sing the sweet chorus of " Ha , ha , he !"
23 : 27 And Balak said unto Balaam , Come , I pray thee , I will bring thee unto another place ; peradventure it will please God that thou mayest curse me them from thence .
7 : 16 So Joshua rose up early in the morning , and brought Israel by their tribes ; and the tribe of Judah was taken : 7 : 17 And he brought the family of Judah ; and he took the family of the Zarhites : and he brought the family of the Zarhites man by man ; and Zabdi was taken : 7 : 18 And he brought his household man by man ; and Achan , the son of Carmi , the son of Zabdi , the son of Zerah , of the tribe of Judah , was taken .
25 : 12 So David ' s young men turned their way , and went again , and came and told him all those sayings .
105 : 25 He turned their heart to hate his people , to deal subtilly with his servants .
22 : 16 He that oppresseth the poor to increase his riches , and he that giveth to the rich , shall surely come to want .
33 : 25 And they removed from Haradah , and pitched in Makheloth .
9 : 29 And would to God this people were under my hand !
" What two letters !-- express perfection !
4 : 15 The woman saith unto him , Sir , give me this water , that I thirst not , neither come hither to draw .
2 : 14 Therefore , behold , I will allure her , and bring her into the wilderness , and speak comfortably unto her .
47 : 5 Afterward he measured a thousand ; and it was a river that I could not pass over : for the waters were risen , waters to swim in , a river that could not be passed over .
9 : 15 The heathen are sunk down in the pit that they made : in the net which they hid is their own foot taken .
CHAPTER XII
They talked of coming into this side of the country .
28 : 24 The LORD shall make the rain of thy land powder and dust : from heaven shall it come down upon thee , until thou be destroyed .
Mr . Woodhouse came in , and very soon led to the subject again , by the recurrence of his very frequent inquiry of " Well , my dears , how does your book go on ?-- Have you got any thing fresh ?"
I thought we HAD been safe ."
You and I , Emma , will venture to take the part of the poor husband .
4 : 1 Therefore , my brethren dearly beloved and longed for , my joy and crown , so stand fast in the Lord , my dearly beloved .
Lo , certainly in vain made he it ; the pen of the scribes is in vain .
She must abide by the evil of having refused him , whatever it may be ; and as to the refusal itself , I will not pretend to say that I might not influence her a little ; but I assure you there was very little for me or for any body to do .
1 : 1 Peter , an apostle of Jesus Christ , to the strangers scattered throughout Pontus , Galatia , Cappadocia , Asia , and Bithynia , 1 : 2 Elect according to the foreknowledge of God the Father , through sanctification of the Spirit , unto obedience and sprinkling of the blood of Jesus Christ : Grace unto you , and peace , be multiplied .
6 : 28 So this Daniel prospered in the reign of Darius , and in the reign of Cyrus the Persian .
He stays till to - morrow , and Miss Fairfax has been persuaded to spend the day with us .-- They are coming in , I hope ."
I have a great value for Benwick ; and when one can but get him to talk , he has plenty to say .
11 : 13 He was with David at Pasdammim , and there the Philistines were gathered together to battle , where was a parcel of ground full of barley ; and the people fled from before the Philistines .
and who can abide in the fierceness of his anger ?
78 : 10 They kept not the covenant of God , and refused to walk in his law ;
5 : 1 Hear ye this word which I take up against you , even a lamentation , O house of Israel .
And at that time there was a great persecution against the church which was at Jerusalem ; and they were all scattered abroad throughout the regions of Judaea and Samaria , except the apostles .
16 : 12 And Moses sent to call Dathan and Abiram , the sons of Eliab : which said , We will not come up : 16 : 13 Is it a small thing that thou hast brought us up out of a land that floweth with milk and honey , to kill us in the wilderness , except thou make thyself altogether a prince over us ?
27 : 61 And there was Mary Magdalene , and the other Mary , sitting over against the sepulchre .
" My dear papa , he is three - and - twenty .
20 : 2 Then she runneth , and cometh to Simon Peter , and to the other disciple , whom Jesus loved , and saith unto them , They have taken away the LORD out of the sepulchre , and we know not where they have laid him .
She could not be complying , she dreaded being quarrelsome ; her heroism reached only to silence .
there is no end of the sad consequences of your going to South End .
59 : 12 For our transgressions are multiplied before thee , and our sins testify against us : for our transgressions are with us ; and as for our iniquities , we know them ; 59 : 13 In transgressing and lying against the LORD , and departing away from our God , speaking oppression and revolt , conceiving and uttering from the heart words of falsehood .
And Moses returned the words of the people unto the LORD .
5 : 9 Ephraim shall be desolate in the day of rebuke : among the tribes of Israel have I made known that which shall surely be .
And how dieth the wise man ?
14 : 12 And this shall be the plague wherewith the LORD will smite all the people that have fought against Jerusalem ; Their flesh shall consume away while they stand upon their feet , and their eyes shall consume away in their holes , and their tongue shall consume away in their mouth .
13 : 44 And the next sabbath day came almost the whole city together to hear the word of God .
May was better for every thing than February .
18 : 27 And it came to pass at noon , that Elijah mocked them , and said , Cry aloud : for he is a god ; either he is talking , or he is pursuing , or he is in a journey , or peradventure he sleepeth , and must be awaked .
" He certainly did .
And he put forth his hand , and caught it , and it became a rod in his hand : 4 : 5 That they may believe that the LORD God of their fathers , the God of Abraham , the God of Isaac , and the God of Jacob , hath appeared unto thee .
If dancing formed the amusement of the night , they were partners for half the time ; and when obliged to separate for a couple of dances , were careful to stand together and scarcely spoke a word to any body else .
" The language , I know , is highly disrespectful .
13 : 23 But his wife said unto him , If the LORD were pleased to kill us , he would not have received a burnt offering and a meat offering at our hands , neither would he have shewed us all these things , nor would as at this time have told us such things as these .
2 : 5 Remember therefore from whence thou art fallen , and repent , and do the first works ; or else I will come unto thee quickly , and will remove thy candlestick out of his place , except thou repent .
144 : 2 My goodness , and my fortress ; my high tower , and my deliverer ; my shield , and he in whom I trust ; who subdueth my people under me .
3 : 4 And the serpent said unto the woman , Ye shall not surely die : 3 : 5 For God doth know that in the day ye eat thereof , then your eyes shall be opened , and ye shall be as gods , knowing good and evil .
12 : 15 And Abdon the son of Hillel the Pirathonite died , and was buried in Pirathon in the land of Ephraim , in the mount of the Amalekites .
A doubt of her regard , supposing him to feel it , need not give him more than inquietude .
63 : 4 For the day of vengeance is in mine heart , and the year of my redeemed is come .
15 : 33 And they that found him gathering sticks brought him unto Moses and Aaron , and unto all the congregation .
Thou huntest me as a fierce lion : and again thou shewest thyself marvellous upon me .
" I am glad of it .
' It would have been beyond comparison ,' she said , ' the least evil of the two , and she would be glad to compound NOW for nothing worse .'
These convictions must unquestionably have their own pain , and severe was its kind ; but they precluded that pain which Lady Russell would suffer in entering the house again , and returning through the well - known apartments .
Amen .
32 : 11 And Moses besought the LORD his God , and said , LORD , why doth thy wrath wax hot against thy people , which thou hast brought forth out of the land of Egypt with great power , and with a mighty hand ?
19 : 4 And he answered and said unto them , Have ye not read , that he which made them at the beginning made them male and female , 19 : 5 And said , For this cause shall a man leave father and mother , and shall cleave to his wife : and they twain shall be one flesh ?
42 : 12 And he said unto them , Nay , but to see the nakedness of the land ye are come .
And Cushi answered , The enemies of my lord the king , and all that rise against thee to do thee hurt , be as that young man is .
11 : 23 And he dealt wisely , and dispersed of all his children throughout all the countries of Judah and Benjamin , unto every fenced city : and he gave them victual in abundance .
A lioness : she lay down among lions , she nourished her whelps among young lions .
" I have known it these four months .
" Very well ," replied Emma ; " a most natural feeling ; and the longer it lasts , the better I shall be pleased .
37 : 3 He directeth it under the whole heaven , and his lightning unto the ends of the earth .
73 : 4 For there are no bands in their death : but their strength is firm .
57 : 11 And of whom hast thou been afraid or feared , that thou hast lied , and hast not remembered me , nor laid it to thy heart ?
60 : 14 The sons also of them that afflicted thee shall come bending unto thee ; and all they that despised thee shall bow themselves down at the soles of thy feet ; and they shall call thee ; The city of the LORD , The Zion of the Holy One of Israel .
Then said the king , Will he force the queen also before me in the house ?
34 : 17 And he hath cast the lot for them , and his hand hath divided it unto them by line : they shall possess it for ever , from generation to generation shall they dwell therein .
13 : 20 But he that received the seed into stony places , the same is he that heareth the word , and anon with joy receiveth it ; 13 : 21 Yet hath he not root in himself , but dureth for a while : for when tribulation or persecution ariseth because of the word , by and by he is offended .
10 : 26 And over the host of the tribe of the children of Asher was Pagiel the son of Ocran .
He began to suspect him of some double dealing in his pursuit of Emma .
28 : 7 Nevertheless hear thou now this word that I speak in thine ears , and in the ears of all the people ; 28 : 8 The prophets that have been before me and before thee of old prophesied both against many countries , and against great kingdoms , of war , and of evil , and of pestilence .
cried Mr . Weston , " about Perry and a carriage ?
These amazing engagements of mine -- what have they been ?
" Jane , Jane , my dear Jane , where are you ?-- Here is your tippet .
They did not know .
17 : 50 So David prevailed over the Philistine with a sling and with a stone , and smote the Philistine , and slew him ; but there was no sword in the hand of David .
" As you do us such ample justice now ," said Emma , laughing , " I will venture to ask , whether you did not come a little doubtfully at first ?
" The profession has its utility , but I should be sorry to see any friend of mine belonging to it ."
2 : 14 What doth it profit , my brethren , though a man say he hath faith , and have not works ?
6 : 17 Wherein God , willing more abundantly to shew unto the heirs of promise the immutability of his counsel , confirmed it by an oath : 6 : 18 That by two immutable things , in which it was impossible for God to lie , we might have a strong consolation , who have fled for refuge to lay hold upon the hope set before us : 6 : 19 Which hope we have as an anchor of the soul , both sure and stedfast , and which entereth into that within the veil ; 6 : 20 Whither the forerunner is for us entered , even Jesus , made an high priest for ever after the order of Melchisedec .
I thought I heard a carriage last night , while we were drinking our tea , but it never entered my head that it could be them .
7 : 52 They answered and said unto him , Art thou also of Galilee ?
68 : 1 Let God arise , let his enemies be scattered : let them also that hate him flee before him .
1 : 16 Therefore thus saith the LORD ; I am returned to Jerusalem with mercies : my house shall be built in it , saith the LORD of hosts , and a line shall be stretched forth upon Jerusalem .
" Does your sister make no distinction in her objections against a second attachment ?
12 : 11 And the LORD sent Jerubbaal , and Bedan , and Jephthah , and Samuel , and delivered you out of the hand of your enemies on every side , and ye dwelled safe .
It was ten o ' clock .
12 : 20 When the LORD thy God shall enlarge thy border , as he hath promised thee , and thou shalt say , I will eat flesh , because thy soul longeth to eat flesh ; thou mayest eat flesh , whatsoever thy soul lusteth after .
115 : 7 They have hands , but they handle not : feet have they , but they walk not : neither speak they through their throat .
26 : 9 And Meshelemiah had sons and brethren , strong men , eighteen .
11 : 35 Women received their dead raised to life again : and others were tortured , not accepting deliverance ; that they might obtain a better resurrection : 11 : 36 And others had trial of cruel mockings and scourgings , yea , moreover of bonds and imprisonment : 11 : 37 They were stoned , they were sawn asunder , were tempted , were slain with the sword : they wandered about in sheepskins and goatskins ; being destitute , afflicted , tormented ; 11 : 38 ( Of whom the world was not worthy :) they wandered in deserts , and in mountains , and in dens and caves of the earth .
" It is very unfair to judge of any body ' s conduct , without an intimate knowledge of their situation .
4 : 21 And she went up , and laid him on the bed of the man of God , and shut the door upon him , and went out .
I like a job of that sort excessively .'
1 : 38 Then Jesus turned , and saw them following , and saith unto them , What seek ye ?
22 : 5 And Jehoshaphat said unto the king of Israel , Enquire , I pray thee , at the word of the LORD to day .
18 : 25 But forasmuch as he had not to pay , his lord commanded him to be sold , and his wife , and children , and all that he had , and payment to be made .
art thou come unto me to call my sin to remembrance , and to slay my son ?
59 : 13 Consume them in wrath , consume them , that they may not be : and let them know that God ruleth in Jacob unto the ends of the earth .
2 : 47 And all that heard him were astonished at his understanding and answers .
She returned it almost instantly , acknowledging the likeness .
46 : 24 Then said he unto me , These are the places of them that boil , where the ministers of the house shall boil the sacrifice of the people .
31 : 16 For all the riches which God hath taken from our father , that is ours , and our children ' s : now then , whatsoever God hath said unto thee , do .
" I have never yet known what it was to separate esteem and love ."
18 : 7 And the women answered one another as they played , and said , Saul hath slain his thousands , and David his ten thousands .
25 : 9 But the wise answered , saying , Not so ; lest there be not enough for us and you : but go ye rather to them that sell , and buy for yourselves .
She treated her therefore , with all the indulgent fondness of a parent towards a favourite child on the last day of its holidays .
112 : 7 He shall not be afraid of evil tidings : his heart is fixed , trusting in the LORD .
26 : 8 Why should it be thought a thing incredible with you , that God should raise the dead ?
19 : 16 And whosoever toucheth one that is slain with a sword in the open fields , or a dead body , or a bone of a man , or a grave , shall be unclean seven days .
22 : 21 The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all .
He had no pleasure at Norland ; he detested being in town ; but either to Norland or London , he must go .
Harriet , who was standing at some distance , and with face turned from her , did not immediately say any thing ; and when she did speak , it was in a voice nearly as agitated as Emma ' s .
9 : 16 So Jehu rode in a chariot , and went to Jezreel ; for Joram lay there .
2 : 26 Therefore if the uncircumcision keep the righteousness of the law , shall not his uncircumcision be counted for circumcision ?
34 : 6 And so did he in the cities of Manasseh , and Ephraim , and Simeon , even unto Naphtali , with their mattocks round about .
22 : 16 And the king said , Thou shalt surely die , Ahimelech , thou , and all thy father ' s house .
4 : 10 For who hath despised the day of small things ?
50 : 6 And Pharaoh said , Go up , and bury thy father , according as he made thee swear .
5 : 22 Lay hands suddenly on no man , neither be partaker of other men ' s sins : keep thyself pure .
44 : 15 But the priests the Levites , the sons of Zadok , that kept the charge of my sanctuary when the children of Israel went astray from me , they shall come near to me to minister unto me , and they shall stand before me to offer unto me the fat and the blood , saith the Lord GOD : 44 : 16 They shall enter into my sanctuary , and they shall come near to my table , to minister unto me , and they shall keep my charge .
Having long had as much money as he could spend , nothing to wish for on the side of avarice or indulgence , he has been gradually learning to pin his happiness upon the consequence he is heir to .
She questioned him as to the society in Yorkshire -- the extent of the neighbourhood about Enscombe , and the sort ; and could make out from his answers that , as far as Enscombe was concerned , there was very little going on , that their visitings were among a range of great families , none very near ; and that even when days were fixed , and invitations accepted , it was an even chance that Mrs . Churchill were not in health and spirits for going ; that they made a point of visiting no fresh person ; and that , though he had his separate engagements , it was not without difficulty , without considerable address _at_ _times_ , that he could get away , or introduce an acquaintance for a night .
6 : 19 But all the silver , and gold , and vessels of brass and iron , are consecrated unto the LORD : they shall come into the treasury of the LORD .
You were a large party in yourselves , and you wanted nothing beyond ."
60 : 3 Thou hast shewed thy people hard things : thou hast made us to drink the wine of astonishment .
She wondered , with little intermission what could be the reason of it ; was sure there must be some bad news , and thought over every kind of distress that could have befallen him , with a fixed determination that he should not escape them all .
my dear ; but so much as Patty has to do !-- And it is a kindness to employ our men ."
10 : 37 He that loveth father or mother more than me is not worthy of me : and he that loveth son or daughter more than me is not worthy of me .
14 : 10 Believest thou not that I am in the Father , and the Father in me ?
44 : 27 And in the day that he goeth into the sanctuary , unto the inner court , to minister in the sanctuary , he shall offer his sin offering , saith the Lord GOD .
thou Jordan , that thou wast driven back ?
27 : 17 Therefore when they were gathered together , Pilate said unto them , Whom will ye that I release unto you ?
4 : 6 And they came thither into the midst of the house , as though they would have fetched wheat ; and they smote him under the fifth rib : and Rechab and Baanah his brother escaped .
4 : 34 Neither was there any among them that lacked : for as many as were possessors of lands or houses sold them , and brought the prices of the things that were sold , 4 : 35 And laid them down at the apostles ' feet : and distribution was made unto every man according as he had need .
12 : 31 And he brought forth the people that were therein , and put them under saws , and under harrows of iron , and under axes of iron , and made them pass through the brick - kiln : and thus did he unto all the cities of the children of Ammon .
10 : 19 Love ye therefore the stranger : for ye were strangers in the land of Egypt .
44 : 24 Wherefore hidest thou thy face , and forgettest our affliction and our oppression ?
14 : 6 But the children of the murderers he slew not : according unto that which is written in the book of the law of Moses , wherein the LORD commanded , saying , The fathers shall not be put to death for the children , nor the children be put to death for the fathers ; but every man shall be put to death for his own sin .
7 : 19 He will turn again , he will have compassion upon us ; he will subdue our iniquities ; and thou wilt cast all their sins into the depths of the sea .
Elinor joyfully profited by the first of these proposals , and thus by a little of that address which Marianne could never condescend to practise , gained her own end , and pleased Lady Middleton at the same time .
Cannot you imagine , Mr . Knightley , what a _sensation_ his coming will produce ?
are thy years as man ' s days , 10 : 6 That thou enquirest after mine iniquity , and searchest after my sin ?
18 : 17 And Saul said to David , Behold my elder daughter Merab , her will I give thee to wife : only be thou valiant for me , and fight the LORD ' s battles .
39 : 28 She dwelleth and abideth on the rock , upon the crag of the rock , and the strong place .
Marianne would have thought herself very inexcusable had she been able to sleep at all the first night after parting from Willoughby .
It will be a great deal better than leaving him only with Jemima .
Marianne was going to retort , but she remembered her promises , and forbore .
But I should have thought her hair had been darker ."
Harriet could not very soon give an intelligible account .
It is not likely that I _should_ , considering what I have been used to .
12 : 6 Therefore turn thou to thy God : keep mercy and judgment and wait on thy God continually .
was all her answer ; but the accent was decisive enough .
4 : 12 And the LORD spake unto you out of the midst of the fire : ye heard the voice of the words , but saw no similitude ; only ye heard a voice .
For even Christ our passover is sacrificed for us : 5 : 8 Therefore let us keep the feast , not with old leaven , neither with the leaven of malice and wickedness ; but with the unleavened bread of sincerity and truth .
12 : 22 The Levites in the days of Eliashib , Joiada , and Johanan , and Jaddua , were recorded chief of the fathers : also the priests , to the reign of Darius the Persian .
From that period his penance had become severe .
He was very warmly thanked both by mother and daughter ; to escape a little from the latter , he went to the pianoforte , and begged Miss Fairfax , who was still sitting at it , to play something more .
15 : 12 And when the sun was going down , a deep sleep fell upon Abram ; and , lo , an horror of great darkness fell upon him .
1 : 31 And God saw every thing that he had made , and , behold , it was very good .
13 : 22 And the rest of the acts of Abijah , and his ways , and his sayings , are written in the story of the prophet Iddo .
" I mean to go with you , Charles , for I am of no more use at home than you are .
I hardly looked at him , I was looking at the horses ; but I think he had something of the Elliot countenance , I wonder the arms did not strike me !
Hartfield will only put her out of conceit with all the other places she belongs to .
7 : 17 But when the time of the promise drew nigh , which God had sworn to Abraham , the people grew and multiplied in Egypt , 7 : 18 Till another king arose , which knew not Joseph .
62 : 9 Surely men of low degree are vanity , and men of high degree are a lie : to be laid in the balance , they are altogether lighter than vanity .
2 : 18 And when they came again to him , ( for he tarried at Jericho ,) he said unto them , Did I not say unto you , Go not ?
I heard a good deal of Colonel Campbell ' s taste at Weymouth ; and the softness of the upper notes I am sure is exactly what he and _all_ _that_ _party_ would particularly prize .
No , these were noises which belonged to the winter pleasures ; her spirits rose under their influence ; and like Mrs Musgrove , she was feeling , though not saying , that after being long in the country , nothing could be so good for her as a little quiet cheerfulness .
And he said , Ye have transgressed : roll a great stone unto me this day .
18 : 16 A man ' s gift maketh room for him , and bringeth him before great men .
1 : 18 And I commanded you at that time all the things which ye should do .
43 : 3 O send out thy light and thy truth : let them lead me ; let them bring me unto thy holy hill , and to thy tabernacles .
She had no such object for her lingering thoughts to fix on , she left no creature behind , from whom it would give her a moment ' s regret to be divided for ever , she was pleased to be free herself from the persecution of Lucy ' s friendship , she was grateful for bringing her sister away unseen by Willoughby since his marriage , and she looked forward with hope to what a few months of tranquility at Barton might do towards restoring Marianne ' s peace of mind , and confirming her own .
It ought to have been a habit with him by this time , of following his duty , instead of consulting expediency .
Do you suppose she does not often say all this to herself ?
31 : 5 And when his armourbearer saw that Saul was dead , he fell likewise upon his sword , and died with him .
But be it sweetness or be it stupidity in her -- quickness of friendship , or dulness of feeling -- there was one person , I think , who must have felt it : Miss Fairfax herself .
" You had better leave me ," was all the notice that her sister received from her .
" I will answer for it , that mine thinks herself full as clever , and would spurn any body ' s assistance ."
4 : 22 Take heed now that ye fail not to do this : why should damage grow to the hurt of the kings ?
Likewise shall also the Son of man suffer of them .
I beg your pardon , Mr . Dashwood , but if he had done otherwise , I should have thought him a rascal .
8 : 17 For all the firstborn of the children of Israel are mine , both man and beast : on the day that I smote every firstborn in the land of Egypt I sanctified them for myself .
We must go in the carriage , to be sure ."
12 : 1 Now these are they that came to David to Ziklag , while he yet kept himself close because of Saul the son of Kish : and they were among the mighty men , helpers of the war .
18 : 13 And the LORD said unto Abraham , Wherefore did Sarah laugh , saying , Shall I of a surety bear a child , which am old ?
112 : 10 The wicked shall see it , and be grieved ; he shall gnash with his teeth , and melt away : the desire of the wicked shall perish .
42 : 11 Be not afraid of the king of Babylon , of whom ye are afraid ; be not afraid of him , saith the LORD : for I am with you to save you , and to deliver you from his hand .
Sometimes she could believe Willoughby to be as unfortunate and as innocent as herself , and at others , lost every consolation in the impossibility of acquitting him .
She lived with her single daughter in a very small way , and was considered with all the regard and respect which a harmless old lady , under such untoward circumstances , can excite .
Yes , Harriet , just so long have I been wanting the very circumstance to happen what has happened .
24 : 7 And I will give them an heart to know me , that I am the LORD : and they shall be my people , and I will be their God : for they shall return unto me with their whole heart .
Anne could only feel that Charles Hayter was wise .
And he answered , Until the cities be wasted without inhabitant , and the houses without man , and the land be utterly desolate , 6 : 12 And the LORD have removed men far away , and there be a great forsaking in the midst of the land .
32 : 41 Yea , I will rejoice over them to do them good , and I will plant them in this land assuredly with my whole heart and with my whole soul .
20 : 1 Then answered Zophar the Naamathite , and said , 20 : 2 Therefore do my thoughts cause me to answer , and for this I make haste .
34 : 16 And the LORD spake unto Moses , saying , 34 : 17 These are the names of the men which shall divide the land unto you : Eleazar the priest , and Joshua the son of Nun .
And he said unto me , See thou do it not : I am thy fellowservant , and of thy brethren that have the testimony of Jesus : worship God : for the testimony of Jesus is the spirit of prophecy .
only let us consent unto them , and they will dwell with us .
She felt that Mrs Musgrove and all her party ought to be asked to dine with them ; but she could not bear to have the difference of style , the reduction of servants , which a dinner must betray , witnessed by those who had been always so inferior to the Elliots of Kellynch .
CHAPTER XV
shall tribulation , or distress , or persecution , or famine , or nakedness , or peril , or sword ?
30 : 24 The fierce anger of the LORD shall not return , until he hath done it , and until he have performed the intents of his heart : in the latter days ye shall consider it .
12 : 12 For as the body is one , and hath many members , and all the members of that one body , being many , are one body : so also is Christ .
27 : 38 And when they had eaten enough , they lightened the ship , and cast out the wheat into the sea .
And Jeroboam arose , and fled into Egypt , unto Shishak king of Egypt , and was in Egypt until the death of Solomon .
Mrs . Jennings laughed again , but Elinor had not spirits to say more , and eager at all events to know what Willoughby had written , hurried away to their room , where , on opening the door , she saw Marianne stretched on the bed , almost choked by grief , one letter in her hand , and two or three others laying by her .
13 : 8 And David and all Israel played before God with all their might , and with singing , and with harps , and with psalteries , and with timbrels , and with cymbals , and with trumpets .
33 : 29 Then shall they know that I am the LORD , when I have laid the land most desolate because of all their abominations which they have committed .
12 : 49 I am come to send fire on the earth ; and what will I , if it be already kindled ?
22 : 11 And one hath committed abomination with his neighbour ' s wife ; and another hath lewdly defiled his daughter in law ; and another in thee hath humbled his sister , his father ' s daughter .
Donwell and Randalls had received their invitation , and none had come for her father and herself ; and Mrs . Weston ' s accounting for it with " I suppose they will not take the liberty with you ; they know you do not dine out ," was not quite sufficient .
36 : 25 And the children of Anah were these ; Dishon , and Aholibamah the daughter of Anah .
To - night we may have the pleasure of all meeting again at your party ," ( turning to Anne .)
11 : 6 And the sword shall abide on his cities , and shall consume his branches , and devour them , because of their own counsels .
" Oh !
11 : 29 And when the people were gathered thick together , he began to say , This is an evil generation : they seek a sign ; and there shall no sign be given it , but the sign of Jonas the prophet .
She heard Miss Bates ' s voice , something was to be done in a hurry ; the maid looked frightened and awkward ; hoped she would be pleased to wait a moment , and then ushered her in too soon .
7 : 33 And the carcases of this people shall be meat for the fowls of the heaven , and for the beasts of the earth ; and none shall fray them away .
said Sir John .
Never had she felt so agitated , mortified , grieved , at any circumstance in her life .
" What a sweet woman Lady Middleton is !"
Emma knew that he was now getting to the Box Hill party , and grew uncomfortable .
31 : 35 Oh that one would hear me !
24 : 19 For if a man find his enemy , will he let him go well away ?
6 : 4 And , ye fathers , provoke not your children to wrath : but bring them up in the nurture and admonition of the Lord .
9 : 5 For every battle of the warrior is with confused noise , and garments rolled in blood ; but this shall be with burning and fuel of fire .
45 : 21 In the first month , in the fourteenth day of the month , ye shall have the passover , a feast of seven days ; unleavened bread shall be eaten .
7 : 13 When I say , My bed shall comfort me , my couch shall ease my complaints ; 7 : 14 Then thou scarest me with dreams , and terrifiest me through visions : 7 : 15 So that my soul chooseth strangling , and death rather than my life .
And they said , He is dead .
13 : 3 And Moses said unto the people , Remember this day , in which ye came out from Egypt , out of the house of bondage ; for by strength of hand the LORD brought you out from this place : there shall no leavened bread be eaten .
" To be sure .
7 : 57 Then they cried out with a loud voice , and stopped their ears , and ran upon him with one accord , 7 : 58 And cast him out of the city , and stoned him : and the witnesses laid down their clothes at a young man ' s feet , whose name was Saul .
22 : 2 The rich and poor meet together : the LORD is the maker of them all .
4 : 16 The anger of the LORD hath divided them ; he will no more regard them : they respected not the persons of the priests , they favoured not the elders .
3 : 24 And when they came to the camp of Israel , the Israelites rose up and smote the Moabites , so that they fled before them : but they went forward smiting the Moabites , even in their country .
14 : 29 And now I have told you before it come to pass , that , when it is come to pass , ye might believe .
10 : 23 O LORD , I know that the way of man is not in himself : it is not in man that walketh to direct his steps .
1 : 3 Blessed be the God and Father of our Lord Jesus Christ , which according to his abundant mercy hath begotten us again unto a lively hope by the resurrection of Jesus Christ from the dead , 1 : 4 To an inheritance incorruptible , and undefiled , and that fadeth not away , reserved in heaven for you , 1 : 5 Who are kept by the power of God through faith unto salvation ready to be revealed in the last time .
Jesus saith unto them , I am he .
3 : 1 To every thing there is a season , and a time to every purpose under the heaven : 3 : 2 A time to be born , and a time to die ; a time to plant , and a time to pluck up that which is planted ; 3 : 3 A time to kill , and a time to heal ; a time to break down , and a time to build up ; 3 : 4 A time to weep , and a time to laugh ; a time to mourn , and a time to dance ; 3 : 5 A time to cast away stones , and a time to gather stones together ; a time to embrace , and a time to refrain from embracing ; 3 : 6 A time to get , and a time to lose ; a time to keep , and a time to cast away ; 3 : 7 A time to rend , and a time to sew ; a time to keep silence , and a time to speak ; 3 : 8 A time to love , and a time to hate ; a time of war , and a time of peace .
said Lady Dalrymple .
3 : 16 Moreover the LORD saith , Because the daughters of Zion are haughty , and walk with stretched forth necks and wanton eyes , walking and mincing as they go , and making a tinkling with their feet : 3 : 17 Therefore the LORD will smite with a scab the crown of the head of the daughters of Zion , and the LORD will discover their secret parts .
I am amazed that you should think of such a thing ."
14 : 2 And the word of the LORD came unto me , saying , 14 : 3 Son of man , these men have set up their idols in their heart , and put the stumblingblock of their iniquity before their face : should I be enquired of at all by them ?
49 : 4 I will incline mine ear to a parable : I will open my dark saying upon the harp .
119 : 21 Thou hast rebuked the proud that are cursed , which do err from thy commandments .
The sea is no beautifier , certainly ; sailors do grow old betimes ; I have observed it ; they soon lose the look of youth .
1 : 15 And the priest shall bring it unto the altar , and wring off his head , and burn it on the altar ; and the blood thereof shall be wrung out at the side of the altar : 1 : 16 And he shall pluck away his crop with his feathers , and cast it beside the altar on the east part , by the place of the ashes : 1 : 17 And he shall cleave it with the wings thereof , but shall not divide it asunder : and the priest shall burn it upon the altar , upon the wood that is upon the fire : it is a burnt sacrifice , an offering made by fire , of a sweet savour unto the LORD .
mortifying and humiliating must be the origin of those regrets , which SHE could wish her not to indulge !
When my mother died I was very young , And my father sold me while yet my tongue Could scarcely cry " Weep !
A DREAM
11 : 29 Then the Spirit of the LORD came upon Jephthah , and he passed over Gilead , and Manasseh , and passed over Mizpeh of Gilead , and from Mizpeh of Gilead he passed over unto the children of Ammon .
46 : 9 He maketh wars to cease unto the end of the earth ; he breaketh the bow , and cutteth the spear in sunder ; he burneth the chariot in the fire .
2 : 5 The LORD was as an enemy : he hath swallowed up Israel , he hath swallowed up all her palaces : he hath destroyed his strong holds , and hath increased in the daughter of Judah mourning and lamentation .
10 : 13 And the king answered them roughly ; and king Rehoboam forsook the counsel of the old men , 10 : 14 And answered them after the advice of the young men , saying , My father made your yoke heavy , but I will add thereto : my father chastised you with whips , but I will chastise you with scorpions .
13 : 7 Unleavened bread shall be eaten seven days ; and there shall no leavened bread be seen with thee , neither shall there be leaven seen with thee in all thy quarters .
23 : 13 The sons of Amram ; Aaron and Moses : and Aaron was separated , that he should sanctify the most holy things , he and his sons for ever , to burn incense before the LORD , to minister unto him , and to bless in his name for ever .
6 : 10 Afterward I came unto the house of Shemaiah the son of Delaiah the son of Mehetabeel , who was shut up ; and he said , Let us meet together in the house of God , within the temple , and let us shut the doors of the temple : for they will come to slay thee ; yea , in the night will they come to slay thee .
His two other children were of very inferior value .
20 : 2 The fear of a king is as the roaring of a lion : whoso provoketh him to anger sinneth against his own soul .
27 : 39 And Isaac his father answered and said unto him , Behold , thy dwelling shall be the fatness of the earth , and of the dew of heaven from above ; 27 : 40 And by thy sword shalt thou live , and shalt serve thy brother ; and it shall come to pass when thou shalt have the dominion , that thou shalt break his yoke from off thy neck .
9 : 21 And Zechariah the son of Meshelemiah was porter of the door of the tabernacle of the congregation .
5 : 14 Ye are the light of the world .
1 : 28 Then king David answered and said , Call me Bathsheba .
9 : 38 And he said , Lord , I believe .
" But she will be gained by some one else .
Greet the friends by name .
34 : 18 The LORD is nigh unto them that are of a broken heart ; and saveth such as be of a contrite spirit .
After the usual period of suspense , the usual sounds of approach were heard , and " Mr and Mrs Charles Musgrove " were ushered into the room .
19 : 16 I called my servant , and he gave me no answer ; I intreated him with my mouth .
said he , turning his eyes towards Jane .
This lock of hair , which now he can so readily give up , was begged of me with the most earnest supplication .
Mrs Clay was right .
19 : 20 This title then read many of the Jews : for the place where Jesus was crucified was nigh to the city : and it was written in Hebrew , and Greek , and Latin .
It was a bad business .
14 : 3 And David took more wives at Jerusalem : and David begat more sons and daughters .
Otherwise Called :
13 : 3 I tell you , Nay : but , except ye repent , ye shall all likewise perish .
2 : 15 Blow the trumpet in Zion , sanctify a fast , call a solemn assembly : 2 : 16 Gather the people , sanctify the congregation , assemble the elders , gather the children , and those that suck the breasts : let the bridegroom go forth of his chamber , and the bride out of her closet .
24 : 23 All these things did Araunah , as a king , give unto the king .
6 : 17 Moreover in those days the nobles of Judah sent many letters unto Tobiah , and the letters of Tobiah came unto them .
23 : 27 Woe unto you , scribes and Pharisees , hypocrites !
24 : 16 But their eyes were holden that they should not know him .
She was persuaded that any tolerably pleasing young woman who had listened and seemed to feel for him would have received the same compliment .
24 : 8 All these are the beginning of sorrows .
11 : 8 And all these thy servants shall come down unto me , and bow down themselves unto me , saying , Get thee out , and all the people that follow thee : and after that I will go out .
and by the means of this continual though gentle vent , was able not only to see the Miss Dashwoods from the first without the smallest emotion , but very soon to see them without recollecting a word of the matter ; and having thus supported the dignity of her own sex , and spoken her decided censure of what was wrong in the other , she thought herself at liberty to attend to the interest of her own assemblies , and therefore determined ( though rather against the opinion of Sir John ) that as Mrs . Willoughby would at once be a woman of elegance and fortune , to leave her card with her as soon as she married .
20 : 22 Nevertheless I withdrew mine hand , and wrought for my name ' s sake , that it should not be polluted in the sight of the heathen , in whose sight I brought them forth .
40 : 31 And Moses and Aaron and his sons washed their hands and their feet thereat : 40 : 32 When they went into the tent of the congregation , and when they came near unto the altar , they washed ; as the LORD commanded Moses .
Mr . Perry did say so .
9 : 35 And Jesus went about all the cities and villages , teaching in their synagogues , and preaching the gospel of the kingdom , and healing every sickness and every disease among the people .
Perhaps Fanny thought for a moment that her mother had been quite rude enough ,-- for , colouring a little , she immediately said ,
7 : 22 Moses therefore gave unto you circumcision ; ( not because it is of Moses , but of the fathers ;) and ye on the sabbath day circumcise a man .
She brought no name , no blood , no alliance .
Five couple are nothing , when one thinks seriously about it .
13 : 4 The noise of a multitude in the mountains , like as of a great people ; a tumultuous noise of the kingdoms of nations gathered together : the LORD of hosts mustereth the host of the battle .
2 : 7 And she shall follow after her lovers , but she shall not overtake them ; and she shall seek them , but shall not find them : then shall she say , I will go and return to my first husband ; for then was it better with me than now .
19 : 25 Now there stood by the cross of Jesus his mother , and his mother ' s sister , Mary the wife of Cleophas , and Mary Magdalene .
But if there should by any chance happen to be a woman who is single at seven and twenty , I should not think Colonel Brandon ' s being thirty - five any objection to his marrying HER ."
The strength , resolution , and presence of mind of the Mr . Knightleys , commanded his fullest dependence .
14 : 23 And they shall comfort you , when ye see their ways and their doings : and ye shall know that I have not done without cause all that I have done in it , saith the Lord GOD .
4 : 43 And they smote the rest of the Amalekites that were escaped , and dwelt there unto this day .
saith thy God .
27 : 18 But if they be prophets , and if the word of the LORD be with them , let them now make intercession to the LORD of hosts , that the vessels which are left in the house of the LORD , and in the house of the king of Judah , and at Jerusalem , go not to Babylon .
No , you would not guess , from his way of writing , that he had ever thought of this Miss ( what ' s her name ?)
13 : 33 After this thing Jeroboam returned not from his evil way , but made again of the lowest of the people priests of the high places : whosoever would , he consecrated him , and he became one of the priests of the high places .
30 : 19 Thus will I execute judgments in Egypt : and they shall know that I am the LORD .
How the delicacy , the discretion of his favourite could have been so lain asleep !
20 : 12 The hearing ear , and the seeing eye , the LORD hath made even both of them .
7 : 9 Be not hasty in thy spirit to be angry : for anger resteth in the bosom of fools .
He has no occasion to marry , either to fill up his time or his heart ."
And he said , It is the LORD : let him do what seemeth him good .
Here am I come down for only one day , and you are engaged with a dinner - party !-- When did it happen before , or any thing like it ?
She was quick in feeling the little injuries to Isabella , which Isabella never felt herself .
She was aware herself , that , parting under any other circumstances , they certainly should have corresponded more , and that her intelligence would not have rested , as it now almost wholly did , on Isabella ' s letters .
Yes , yes we will have a snug walk together , and I have something to tell you as we go along .
10 : 3 And what will ye do in the day of visitation , and in the desolation which shall come from far ?
He understood that she was in need of a dwelling ; and though the house he now offered her was merely a cottage , he assured her that everything should be done to it which she might think necessary , if the situation pleased her .
The consequence of this , upon a mind so young , so lively , so inexperienced as Mrs . Brandon ' s , was but too natural .
Turn from thy fierce wrath , and repent of this evil against thy people .
as for my hope , who shall see it ?
7 : 25 But what went ye out for to see ?
Mary , very much gratified by this attention , was delighted to receive him , while a thousand feelings rushed on Anne , of which this was the most consoling , that it would soon be over .
and so late !
4 : 13 Till I come , give attendance to reading , to exhortation , to doctrine .
8 : 14 So the posts that rode upon mules and camels went out , being hastened and pressed on by the king ' s commandment .
It is not so very likely he should be distressed in his circumstances NOW , for he is a very prudent man , and to be sure must have cleared the estate by this time .
He is so droll !
As this silence continued , every day made it appear more strange and more incompatible with the disposition of both .
143 : 12 And of thy mercy cut off mine enemies , and destroy all them that afflict my soul : for I am thy servant .
7 : 12 But when Jacob heard that there was corn in Egypt , he sent out our fathers first .
18 : 5 They answered him , Jesus of Nazareth .
26 : 14 As the door turneth upon his hinges , so doth the slothful upon his bed .
14 : 21 So that servant came , and shewed his lord these things .
3 : 13 Thou wentest forth for the salvation of thy people , even for salvation with thine anointed ; thou woundedst the head out of the house of the wicked , by discovering the foundation unto the neck .
16 : 12 And it shall come to pass , when it is seen that Moab is weary on the high place , that he shall come to his sanctuary to pray ; but he shall not prevail .
" Oh !
21 : 23 And of Jezebel also spake the LORD , saying , The dogs shall eat Jezebel by the wall of Jezreel .
His good - nature , his humanity , as I tell you , would be quite enough to account for the horses .
To take three thousand pounds from the fortune of their dear little boy would be impoverishing him to the most dreadful degree .
14 : 4 And between the passages , by which Jonathan sought to go over unto the Philistines ' garrison , there was a sharp rock on the one side , and a sharp rock on the other side : and the name of the one was Bozez , and the name of the other Seneh .
" They would have solicited the honour earlier , but had been waiting the arrival of a folding - screen from London , which they hoped might keep Mr . Woodhouse from any draught of air , and therefore induce him the more readily to give them the honour of his company ."
" Your sister ," he continued , " has suffered dreadfully .
6 : 39 And this is the Father ' s will which hath sent me , that of all which he hath given me I should lose nothing , but should raise it up again at the last day .
And Cornelius waited for them , and he had called together his kinsmen and near friends .
" Then she is a greater simpleton than I ever believed her .
2 : 2 And on the seventh day God ended his work which he had made ; and he rested on the seventh day from all his work which he had made .
I really wish you to call with me .
The scene enlarged ; two persons appeared ; Mrs . Weston and her son - in - law ; they were walking into Highbury ;-- to Hartfield of course .
7 : 30 And when forty years were expired , there appeared to him in the wilderness of mount Sina an angel of the Lord in a flame of fire in a bush .
11 : 9 The measure thereof is longer than the earth , and broader than the sea .
11 : 28 Beside those things that are without , that which cometh upon me daily , the care of all the churches .
7 : 5 And their brethren among all the families of Issachar were valiant men of might , reckoned in all by their genealogies fourscore and seven thousand .
1 : 4 And the LORD said unto him , Call his name Jezreel ; for yet a little while , and I will avenge the blood of Jezreel upon the house of Jehu , and will cause to cease the kingdom of the house of Israel .
Why was it so much worse that Harriet should be in love with Mr . Knightley , than with Frank Churchill ?
You sink your voice , but I can distinguish the tones of that voice when they would be lost on others .
12 : 26 These were in the days of Joiakim the son of Jeshua , the son of Jozadak , and in the days of Nehemiah the governor , and of Ezra the priest , the scribe .
12 : 5 Of such an one will I glory : yet of myself I will not glory , but in mine infirmities .
She was put down in Camden Place ; and Lady Russell then drove to her own lodgings , in Rivers Street .
18 : 19 For I know him , that he will command his children and his household after him , and they shall keep the way of the LORD , to do justice and judgment ; that the LORD may bring upon Abraham that which he hath spoken of him .
" Aye , aye ," said Mrs . Jennings , " we know the reason of all that very well ; if a certain person who shall be nameless , had been there , you would not have been a bit tired : and to say the truth it was not very pretty of him not to give you the meeting when he was invited ."
11 : 25 And when he cometh , he findeth it swept and garnished .
19 : 5 And Joab came into the house to the king , and said , Thou hast shamed this day the faces of all thy servants , which this day have saved thy life , and the lives of thy sons and of thy daughters , and the lives of thy wives , and the lives of thy concubines ; 19 : 6 In that thou lovest thine enemies , and hatest thy friends .
25 : 37 And thou shalt make the seven lamps thereof : and they shall light the lamps thereof , that they may give light over against it .
10 : 9 And it was so , that when he had turned his back to go from Samuel , God gave him another heart : and all those signs came to pass that day .
13 : 1 Though I speak with the tongues of men and of angels , and have not charity , I am become as sounding brass , or a tinkling cymbal .
I was very well yesterday ; nothing at all the matter with me till this morning .
A present of fifty pounds , now and then , will prevent their ever being distressed for money , and will , I think , be amply discharging my promise to my father ."
every comfort of life knocked off !
3 : 4 And we took all his cities at that time , there was not a city which we took not from them , threescore cities , all the region of Argob , the kingdom of Og in Bashan .
35 : 22 And it came to pass , when Israel dwelt in that land , that Reuben went and lay with Bilhah his father ' s concubine : and Israel heard it .
art not thou he , O LORD our God ?
" Now I have done ," cried Captain Wentworth .
how eloquent , at least , were her wishes on the side of early warm attachment , and a cheerful confidence in futurity , against that over - anxious caution which seems to insult exertion and distrust Providence !
46 : 21 Also her hired men are in the midst of her like fatted bullocks ; for they also are turned back , and are fled away together : they did not stand , because the day of their calamity was come upon them , and the time of their visitation .
It may be proper to conceal their engagement ( if they ARE engaged ) from Mrs . Smith -- and if that is the case , it must be highly expedient for Willoughby to be but little in Devonshire at present .
1 : 13 And there was a day when his sons and his daughters were eating and drinking wine in their eldest brother ' s house : 1 : 14 And there came a messenger unto Job , and said , The oxen were plowing , and the asses feeding beside them : 1 : 15 And the Sabeans fell upon them , and took them away ; yea , they have slain the servants with the edge of the sword ; and I only am escaped alone to tell thee .
10 : 20 Curse not the king , no not in thy thought ; and curse not the rich in thy bedchamber : for a bird of the air shall carry the voice , and that which hath wings shall tell the matter .
18 : 12 Before destruction the heart of man is haughty , and before honour is humility .
And besides the operation of this , as a general principle , you may be sure that Miss Fairfax awes Mrs . Elton by her superiority both of mind and manner ; and that , face to face , Mrs . Elton treats her with all the respect which she has a claim to .
He had seen the coachmen , and they both agreed with him in there being nothing to apprehend .
" Such things do occur , undoubtedly ."
102 : 13 Thou shalt arise , and have mercy upon Zion : for the time to favour her , yea , the set time , is come .
25 : 4 Take away the dross from the silver , and there shall come forth a vessel for the finer .
" No , I thank you : no , certainly not .
10 : 14 Therefore shall a tumult arise among thy people , and all thy fortresses shall be spoiled , as Shalman spoiled Betharbel in the day of battle : the mother was dashed in pieces upon her children .
She tried to stop him ; but vainly ; he would go on , and say it all .
I had allowed her , ( imprudently , as it has since turned out ,) at her earnest desire , to go to Bath with one of her young friends , who was attending her father there for his health .
I was very unwilling to enter into it , as you may imagine , without the knowledge and approbation of his mother ; but I was too young , and loved him too well , to be so prudent as I ought to have been .-- Though you do not know him so well as me , Miss Dashwood , you must have seen enough of him to be sensible he is very capable of making a woman sincerely attached to him ."
39 : 7 He scorneth the multitude of the city , neither regardeth he the crying of the driver .
8 : 15 And he will take the tenth of your seed , and of your vineyards , and give to his officers , and to his servants .
80 : 13 The boar out of the wood doth waste it , and the wild beast of the field doth devour it .
31 : 30 And Moses spake in the ears of all the congregation of Israel the words of this song , until they were ended .
It is impossible to express our surprize .
13 : 8 Now the rest of the acts of Jehoahaz , and all that he did , and his might , are they not written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Israel ?
17 : 15 And next to him was Jehohanan the captain , and with him two hundred and fourscore thousand .
5 : 8 And the remnant of Jacob shall be among the Gentiles in the midst of many people as a lion among the beasts of the forest , as a young lion among the flocks of sheep : who , if he go through , both treadeth down , and teareth in pieces , and none can deliver .
But ye say , Wherein have we robbed thee ?
The power of disappointing them , it was true , must always be her ' s .
68 : 22 The Lord said , I will bring again from Bashan , I will bring my people again from the depths of the sea :
" No -- I cannot call them gifts ; but they are things that I have valued very much ."
8 : 6 And the princes of Succoth said , Are the hands of Zebah and Zalmunna now in thine hand , that we should give bread unto thine army ?
" Ah !"
71 : 22 I will also praise thee with the psaltery , even thy truth , O my God : unto thee will I sing with the harp , O thou Holy One of Israel .
8 : 8 And from Betah , and from Berothai , cities of Hadadezer , king David took exceeding much brass .
22 : 13 Behold , therefore I have smitten mine hand at thy dishonest gain which thou hast made , and at thy blood which hath been in the midst of thee .
10 : 10 And the young men that were brought up with him spake unto him , saying , Thus shalt thou answer the people that spake unto thee , saying , Thy father made our yoke heavy , but make thou it somewhat lighter for us ; thus shalt thou say unto them , My little finger shall be thicker than my father ' s loins .
How I shall laugh !
28 : 10 Whoso causeth the righteous to go astray in an evil way , he shall fall himself into his own pit : but the upright shall have good things in possession .
3 : 21 Then these men were bound in their coats , their hosen , and their hats , and their other garments , and were cast into the midst of the burning fiery furnace .
And Necho took Jehoahaz his brother , and carried him to Egypt .
To me , she was in the place of a parent .
8 : 30 And Philip ran thither to him , and heard him read the prophet Esaias , and said , Understandest thou what thou readest ?
Mrs . Elton is very good - natured and agreeable , and I dare say her acquaintance are just what they ought to be .
25 : 16 And thou shalt put into the ark the testimony which I shall give thee .
4 : 16 And to the office of Eleazar the son of Aaron the priest pertaineth the oil for the light , and the sweet incense , and the daily meat offering , and the anointing oil , and the oversight of all the tabernacle , and of all that therein is , in the sanctuary , and in the vessels thereof .
Your sister need not have any scruple even of visiting HER , which , to say the truth , has been a little the case , and very naturally ; for we only knew that Mrs . Jennings was the widow of a man who had got all his money in a low way ; and Fanny and Mrs . Ferrars were both strongly prepossessed , that neither she nor her daughters were such kind of women as Fanny would like to associate with .
6 : 17 Charge them that are rich in this world , that they be not highminded , nor trust in uncertain riches , but in the living God , who giveth us richly all things to enjoy ; 6 : 18 That they do good , that they be rich in good works , ready to distribute , willing to communicate ; 6 : 19 Laying up in store for themselves a good foundation against the time to come , that they may lay hold on eternal life .
2 : 9 Her gates are sunk into the ground ; he hath destroyed and broken her bars : her king and her princes are among the Gentiles : the law is no more ; her prophets also find no vision from the LORD .
" Miss Fairfax , I suppose , though you were not aware of it , had been making up her mind the whole day ?"
There she had listened to Henrietta ' s schemes for Dr Shirley ' s leaving Uppercross ; farther on , she had first seen Mr Elliot ; a moment seemed all that could now be given to any one but Louisa , or those who were wrapt up in her welfare .
5 : 25 Have ye offered unto me sacrifices and offerings in the wilderness forty years , O house of Israel ?
yea , both the prophet and the priest go about into a land that they know not .
3 : 12 Can the fig tree , my brethren , bear olive berries ?
8 : 11 And the Pharisees came forth , and began to question with him , seeking of him a sign from heaven , tempting him .
83 : 11 Make their nobles like Oreb , and like Zeeb : yea , all their princes as Zebah , and as Zalmunna :
what dost thou work ?
12 : 38 Then certain of the scribes and of the Pharisees answered , saying , Master , we would see a sign from thee .
Don ' t pretend to defend him .
" Did you tell her that you should soon return ?"
32 : 25 The sword without , and terror within , shall destroy both the young man and the virgin , the suckling also with the man of gray hairs .
Pity would be no more If we did not make somebody poor , And Mercy no more could be If all were as happy as we .
9 : 20 This we will do to them ; we will even let them live , lest wrath be upon us , because of the oath which we sware unto them .
They did as they were desired ; and by the time she judged it reasonable to have done with her boot , she had the comfort of farther delay in her power , being overtaken by a child from the cottage , setting out , according to orders , with her pitcher , to fetch broth from Hartfield .
And they said , Go up ; for God will deliver it into the king ' s hand .
now have I brought it to pass , that thou shouldest be to lay waste fenced cities into ruinous heaps .
1 : 3 And he shall be like a tree planted by the rivers of water , that bringeth forth his fruit in his season ; his leaf also shall not wither ; and whatsoever he doeth shall prosper .
5 : 20 Despise not prophesyings .
Selah .
It then occurred to her to employ him in reading .
He could do nothing till he were assured of his fate with Miss Dashwood ; and by his rapidity in seeking THAT fate , it is to be supposed , in spite of the jealousy with which he had once thought of Colonel Brandon , in spite of the modesty with which he rated his own deserts , and the politeness with which he talked of his doubts , he did not , upon the whole , expect a very cruel reception .
She had given them neither men , nor names , nor places , that could raise a blush .
That was your name for him , was it ?"
But it was then too late , and with a countenance meaning to be open , she sat down again and talked of the weather .
7 : 2 Lest he tear my soul like a lion , rending it in pieces , while there is none to deliver .
Emma remained very well pleased with this beginning of the acquaintance , and could now engage to think of them all at Randalls any hour of the day , with full confidence in their comfort .
49 : 8 Thus saith the LORD , In an acceptable time have I heard thee , and in a day of salvation have I helped thee : and I will preserve thee , and give thee for a covenant of the people , to establish the earth , to cause to inherit the desolate heritages ; 49 : 9 That thou mayest say to the prisoners , Go forth ; to them that are in darkness , Shew yourselves .
And the man came in hastily , and told Eli .
" If I had set my heart on Mr . Elton ' s marrying Harriet , it would have been very kind to open my eyes ; but at present I only want to keep Harriet to myself .
49 : 14 Issachar is a strong ass couching down between two burdens : 49 : 15 And he saw that rest was good , and the land that it was pleasant ; and bowed his shoulder to bear , and became a servant unto tribute .
To understand , thoroughly understand her own heart , was the first endeavour .
Their fates , their fortunes , cannot be the same ; and had the natural sweet disposition of the one been guarded by a firmer mind , or a happier marriage , she might have been all that you will live to see the other be .
" This is full of papers belonging to him , to my husband ; a small portion only of what I had to look over when I lost him .
5 : 17 And if a soul sin , and commit any of these things which are forbidden to be done by the commandments of the LORD ; though he wist it not , yet is he guilty , and shall bear his iniquity .
50 : 28 The voice of them that flee and escape out of the land of Babylon , to declare in Zion the vengeance of the LORD our God , the vengeance of his temple .
The Gospel According to Saint John
35 : 19 In the eighteenth year of the reign of Josiah was this passover kept .
These shall first set forth .
18 : 19 And it shall come to pass , that whosoever will not hearken unto my words which he shall speak in my name , I will require it of him .
And he gave her the upper springs , and the nether springs .
will they make an end in a day ?
7 : 37 The children of Lod , Hadid , and Ono , seven hundred twenty and one .
3 : 1 Nebuchadnezzar the king made an image of gold , whose height was threescore cubits , and the breadth thereof six cubits : he set it up in the plain of Dura , in the province of Babylon .
" Well , I am very glad indeed : but I always thought you would have it ; I always thought you sure .
25 : 3 And Jokshan begat Sheba , and Dedan .
Thus shalt thou do six days .
4 : 19 But my God shall supply all your need according to his riches in glory by Christ Jesus .
6 : 1 And the LORD spake unto Moses , saying , 6 : 2 If a soul sin , and commit a trespass against the LORD , and lie unto his neighbour in that which was delivered him to keep , or in fellowship , or in a thing taken away by violence , or hath deceived his neighbour ; 6 : 3 Or have found that which was lost , and lieth concerning it , and sweareth falsely ; in any of all these that a man doeth , sinning therein : 6 : 4 Then it shall be , because he hath sinned , and is guilty , that he shall restore that which he took violently away , or the thing which he hath deceitfully gotten , or that which was delivered him to keep , or the lost thing which he found , 6 : 5 Or all that about which he hath sworn falsely ; he shall even restore it in the principal , and shall add the fifth part more thereto , and give it unto him to whom it appertaineth , in the day of his trespass offering .
9 : 38 And , behold , a man of the company cried out , saying , Master , I beseech thee , look upon my son : for he is mine only child .
8 : 22 Yea , many people and strong nations shall come to seek the LORD of hosts in Jerusalem , and to pray before the LORD .
He dismounted , and giving his horse to his servant , walked back with them to Barton , whither he was purposely coming to visit them .
and one of them shall not fall on the ground without your Father .
11 : 23 And the messenger said unto David , Surely the men prevailed against us , and came out unto us into the field , and we were upon them even unto the entering of the gate .
It was a child ' s play , chosen to conceal a deeper game on Frank Churchill ' s part .
21 : 18 And it came to pass after this , that there was again a battle with the Philistines at Gob : then Sibbechai the Hushathite slew Saph , which was of the sons of the giant .
The young people were all wild to see Lyme .
21 : 26 All the cities were ten with their suburbs for the families of the children of Kohath that remained .
1 : 1 Jude , the servant of Jesus Christ , and brother of James , to them that are sanctified by God the Father , and preserved in Jesus Christ , and called : 1 : 2 Mercy unto you , and peace , and love , be multiplied .
103 : 13 Like as a father pitieth his children , so the LORD pitieth them that fear him .
18 : 13 Now in the fourteenth year of king Hezekiah did Sennacherib king of Assyria come up against all the fenced cities of Judah , and took them .
16 : 40 And they went out of the prison , and entered into the house of Lydia : and when they had seen the brethren , they comforted them , and departed .
3 : 18 I said in mine heart concerning the estate of the sons of men , that God might manifest them , and that they might see that they themselves are beasts .
6 : 21 So Solomon overlaid the house within with pure gold : and he made a partition by the chains of gold before the oracle ; and he overlaid it with gold .
Neither time , nor health , nor life , to be called your own .
32 : 1 And it came to pass in the twelfth year , in the twelfth month , in the first day of the month , that the word of the LORD came unto me , saying , 32 : 2 Son of man , take up a lamentation for Pharaoh king of Egypt , and say unto him , Thou art like a young lion of the nations , and thou art as a whale in the seas : and thou camest forth with thy rivers , and troubledst the waters with thy feet , and fouledst their rivers .
4 : 30 And the mother of the child said , As the LORD liveth , and as thy soul liveth , I will not leave thee .
11 : 33 Wherefore , my brethren , when ye come together to eat , tarry one for another .
--
9 : 23 And Shem and Japheth took a garment , and laid it upon both their shoulders , and went backward , and covered the nakedness of their father ; and their faces were backward , and they saw not their father ' s nakedness .
62 : 5 My soul , wait thou only upon God ; for my expectation is from him .
30 : 4 And the thing pleased the king and all the congregation .
3 : 15 This wisdom descendeth not from above , but is earthly , sensual , devilish .
Her husband , however , would not agree with her here ; for besides having a regard for his cousin , Charles Hayter was an eldest son , and he saw things as an eldest son himself .
3 : 10 And he said , Blessed be thou of the LORD , my daughter : for thou hast shewed more kindness in the latter end than at the beginning , inasmuch as thou followedst not young men , whether poor or rich .
It is a thing of course among us , that every man is refused , till he offers .
Now you are to understand , that time had worked a very material change in Mr Elliot ' s opinions as to the value of a baronetcy .
And they said , We know him .
2 : 36 Why gaddest thou about so much to change thy way ?
Now , however , his good - natured , honest , stupid soul , full of indignation against me , and concern for your sister , could not resist the temptation of telling me what he knew ought to -- though probably he did not think it WOULD -- vex me horridly .
1 : 7 And they said every one to his fellow , Come , and let us cast lots , that we may know for whose cause this evil is upon us .
106 : 40 Therefore was the wrath of the LORD kindled against his people , insomuch that he abhorred his own inheritance .
1 : 22 But be ye doers of the word , and not hearers only , deceiving your own selves .
And he awoke out of his sleep , and said , I will go out as at other times before , and shake myself .
and to what are they like ?
and wherewith shall I make the atonement , that ye may bless the inheritance of the LORD ?
13 : 20 So the merchants and sellers of all kind of ware lodged without Jerusalem once or twice .
67 : 1 God be merciful unto us , and bless us ; and cause his face to shine upon us ; Selah .
and we have none inheritance in the son of Jesse : every man to your tents , O Israel : and now , David , see to thine own house .
24 : 11 And you went over Jordan , and came unto Jericho : and the men of Jericho fought against you , the Amorites , and the Perizzites , and the Canaanites , and the Hittites , and the Girgashites , the Hivites , and the Jebusites ; and I delivered them into your hand .
7 : 13 Therefore it is come to pass , that as he cried , and they would not hear ; so they cried , and I would not hear , saith the LORD of hosts : 7 : 14 But I scattered them with a whirlwind among all the nations whom they knew not .
MY gratitude will be insured immediately by any information tending to that end , and HERS must be gained by it in time .
8 : 4 For before the child shall have knowledge to cry , My father , and my mother , the riches of Damascus and the spoil of Samaria shall be taken away before the king of Assyria .
Before the middle of the day , they were visited by Sir John and Mrs . Jennings , who , having heard of the arrival of a gentleman at the cottage , came to take a survey of the guest .
They know that we be hungry ; therefore are they gone out of the camp to hide themselves in the field , saying , When they come out of the city , we shall catch them alive , and get into the city .
30 : 28 I went mourning without the sun : I stood up , and I cried in the congregation .
1 : 25 And they took of the fruit of the land in their hands , and brought it down unto us , and brought us word again , and said , It is a good land which the LORD our God doth give us .
4 : 45 These be those that were numbered of the families of the sons of Merari , whom Moses and Aaron numbered according to the word of the LORD by the hand of Moses .
44 : 25 And our father said , Go again , and buy us a little food .
His sanguine temper , and fearlessness of mind , operated very differently on her .
Their road to this detached cottage was down Vicarage Lane , a lane leading at right angles from the broad , though irregular , main street of the place ; and , as may be inferred , containing the blessed abode of Mr . Elton .
9 : 23 And the Jews undertook to do as they had begun , and as Mordecai had written unto them ; 9 : 24 Because Haman the son of Hammedatha , the Agagite , the enemy of all the Jews , had devised against the Jews to destroy them , and had cast Pur , that is , the lot , to consume them , and to destroy them ; 9 : 25 But when Esther came before the king , he commanded by letters that his wicked device , which he devised against the Jews , should return upon his own head , and that he and his sons should be hanged on the gallows .
5 : 13 But all things that are reproved are made manifest by the light : for whatsoever doth make manifest is light .
" MY DEAR MADAM ,
Their own good - nature must point out to them the real cruelty of appearing to know any thing about it when she is present ; and the less that may ever be said to myself on the subject , the more my feelings will be spared , as you my dear madam will easily believe ."
9 : 8 And the LORD said unto Moses and unto Aaron , Take to you handfuls of ashes of the furnace , and let Moses sprinkle it toward the heaven in the sight of Pharaoh .
89 : 46 How long , LORD ?
10 : 3 Yea also , when he that is a fool walketh by the way , his wisdom faileth him , and he saith to every one that he is a fool .
That was all prior to my coming to Bath .
32 : 7 Remember the days of old , consider the years of many generations : ask thy father , and he will shew thee ; thy elders , and they will tell thee .
They combated the point some time longer in the same way ; Emma rather gaining ground over the mind of her friend ; for Mrs . Weston was the most used of the two to yield ; till a little bustle in the room shewed them that tea was over , and the instrument in preparation ;-- and at the same moment Mr . Cole approaching to entreat Miss Woodhouse would do them the honour of trying it .
That Louisa must remain where she was , however distressing to her friends to be involving the Harvilles in such trouble , did not admit a doubt .
4 : 11 And he received the sign of circumcision , a seal of the righteousness of the faith which he had yet being uncircumcised : that he might be the father of all them that believe , though they be not circumcised ; that righteousness might be imputed unto them also : 4 : 12 And the father of circumcision to them who are not of the circumcision only , but who also walk in the steps of that faith of our father Abraham , which he had being yet uncircumcised .
Mr . Woodhouse soon followed ; and the necessity of exertion made him composed .
About a week after their arrival , it became certain that Willoughby was also arrived .
13 : 18 And about the time of forty years suffered he their manners in the wilderness .
I am sorry you do not happen to know Mrs .
And the sons of Shammai ; Nadab and Abishur .
7 : 1 And the LORD said unto Noah , Come thou and all thy house into the ark ; for thee have I seen righteous before me in this generation .
The prospect of four thousand a - year , in addition to his present income , besides the remaining half of his own mother ' s fortune , warmed his heart , and made him feel capable of generosity .-- " Yes , he would give them three thousand pounds : it would be liberal and handsome !
-- said he , letting it fall , and leaning against the mantel - piece as if forgetting he was to go .
5 : 10 They hate him that rebuketh in the gate , and they abhor him that speaketh uprightly .
11 : 10 Ye shall fall by the sword ; I will judge you in the border of Israel ; and ye shall know that I am the LORD .
23 : 18 And he took up his parable , and said , Rise up , Balak , and hear ; hearken unto me , thou son of Zippor : 23 : 19 God is not a man , that he should lie ; neither the son of man , that he should repent : hath he said , and shall he not do it ?
I meant to take them over to John Saunders the first thing I did , but something or other hindered me all the morning ; first one thing , then another , there is no saying what , you know .
5 : 11 Blessed are ye , when men shall revile you , and persecute you , and shall say all manner of evil against you falsely , for my sake .
14 : 33 Then they that were in the ship came and worshipped him , saying , Of a truth thou art the Son of God .
11 : 3 And a mighty king shall stand up , that shall rule with great dominion , and do according to his will .
Can not we be gone to - morrow ?"
Shall the women eat their fruit , and children of a span long ?
She remained in her seat , and so did Lady Russell ; but she had the pleasure of getting rid of Mr Elliot ; and she did not mean , whatever she might feel on Lady Russell ' s account , to shrink from conversation with Captain Wentworth , if he gave her the opportunity .
34 : 2 My soul shall make her boast in the LORD : the humble shall hear thereof , and be glad .
28 : 23 And when they had appointed him a day , there came many to him into his lodging ; to whom he expounded and testified the kingdom of God , persuading them concerning Jesus , both out of the law of Moses , and out of the prophets , from morning till evening .
1 : 8 Of Issachar ; Nethaneel the son of Zuar .
" Oh !
12 : 4 How long shall the land mourn , and the herbs of every field wither , for the wickedness of them that dwell therein ?
my dear Miss Dashwood !
for his life is taken from the earth .
Is it kingdom ?
28 : 8 And the other lamb shalt thou offer at even : as the meat offering of the morning , and as the drink offering thereof , thou shalt offer it , a sacrifice made by fire , of a sweet savour unto the LORD .
1 : 26 But me , even me thy servant , and Zadok the priest , and Benaiah the son of Jehoiada , and thy servant Solomon , hath he not called .
Cole ."
29 : 31 And when the LORD saw that Leah was hated , he opened her womb : but Rachel was barren .
6 : 6 And when they came to Nachon ' s threshingfloor , Uzzah put forth his hand to the ark of God , and took hold of it ; for the oxen shook it .
4 : 5 And the priest that is anointed shall take of the bullock ' s blood , and bring it to the tabernacle of the congregation : 4 : 6 And the priest shall dip his finger in the blood , and sprinkle of the blood seven times before the LORD , before the vail of the sanctuary .
" You are quite in the right ," replied Elinor calmly .
33 : 5 The LORD is exalted ; for he dwelleth on high : he hath filled Zion with judgment and righteousness .
" I never want them , I assure you .
20 : 2 And when he had gone over those parts , and had given them much exhortation , he came into Greece , 20 : 3 And there abode three months .
There seems to me a very decided difference .
9 : 22 This is one thing , therefore I said it , He destroyeth the perfect and the wicked .
18 : 13 The LORD also thundered in the heavens , and the Highest gave his voice ; hail stones and coals of fire .
Emma looked graciously .
16 : 27 And the bullock for the sin offering , and the goat for the sin offering , whose blood was brought in to make atonement in the holy place , shall one carry forth without the camp ; and they shall burn in the fire their skins , and their flesh , and their dung .
" Not five minutes to spare even for your friends Miss Fairfax and Miss Bates ?
And immediately his leprosy was cleansed .
Elinor drew near , but without saying a word ; and seating herself on the bed , took her hand , kissed her affectionately several times , and then gave way to a burst of tears , which at first was scarcely less violent than Marianne ' s .
" Nay , dear Emma , now I must take his part ; for though he has been wrong in this instance , I have known him long enough to answer for his having many , very many , good qualities ; and --"
9 : 3 And they stood up in their place , and read in the book of the law of the LORD their God one fourth part of the day ; and another fourth part they confessed , and worshipped the LORD their God .
They then talked on for a few minutes longer without her catching a syllable , when another lucky stop in Marianne ' s performance brought her these words in the Colonel ' s calm voice ,--
But Asahel would not turn aside from following of him .
21 : 32 Who immediately took soldiers and centurions , and ran down unto them : and when they saw the chief captain and the soldiers , they left beating of Paul .
We consulted together , however , as to what should be done , and at last she determined to send for Edward .
Marianne rose the next morning with recovered spirits and happy looks .
1 : 7 Your country is desolate , your cities are burned with fire : your land , strangers devour it in your presence , and it is desolate , as overthrown by strangers .
26 : 26 Which Shelomith and his brethren were over all the treasures of the dedicated things , which David the king , and the chief fathers , the captains over thousands and hundreds , and the captains of the host , had dedicated .
The possibility of Colonel Brandon ' s arriving and finding her there , came across her .
20 : 4 And there accompanied him into Asia Sopater of Berea ; and of the Thessalonians , Aristarchus and Secundus ; and Gaius of Derbe , and Timotheus ; and of Asia , Tychicus and Trophimus .
" He is very plain , undoubtedly -- remarkably plain :-- but that is nothing compared with his entire want of gentility .
33 : 23 Then the word of the LORD came unto me , saying , 33 : 24 Son of man , they that inhabit those wastes of the land of Israel speak , saying , Abraham was one , and he inherited the land : but we are many ; the land is given us for inheritance .
2 : 3 For this is good and acceptable in the sight of God our Saviour ; 2 : 4 Who will have all men to be saved , and to come unto the knowledge of the truth .
They are known to no human being , I guess , but herself .
5 : 4 Christ is become of no effect unto you , whosoever of you are justified by the law ; ye are fallen from grace .
23 : 13 But woe unto you , scribes and Pharisees , hypocrites !
Emma restrained her indignation , and only turned from her in silence .
But I see what you mean .
And Saul went home ; but David and his men gat them up unto the hold .
To enquire after Marianne was at first his excuse ; but the encouragement of his reception , to which every day gave greater kindness , made such an excuse unnecessary before it had ceased to be possible , by Marianne ' s perfect recovery .
And when he was come into the house , Jesus prevented him , saying , What thinkest thou , Simon ?
10 : 9 And Moses said , We will go with our young and with our old , with our sons and with our daughters , with our flocks and with our herds will we go ; for we must hold a feast unto the LORD .
16 : 1 And I heard a great voice out of the temple saying to the seven angels , Go your ways , and pour out the vials of the wrath of God upon the earth .
42 : 25 Then Joseph commanded to fill their sacks with corn , and to restore every man ' s money into his sack , and to give them provision for the way : and thus did he unto them .
16 : 4 Him that dieth of Baasha in the city shall the dogs eat ; and him that dieth of his in the fields shall the fowls of the air eat .
6 : 8 He hath shewed thee , O man , what is good ; and what doth the LORD require of thee , but to do justly , and to love mercy , and to walk humbly with thy God ?
6 : 7 For we brought nothing into this world , and it is certain we can carry nothing out .
" You are going in , I suppose ?"
4 : 5 They are of the world : therefore speak they of the world , and the world heareth them .
Holy Father , keep through thine own name those whom thou hast given me , that they may be one , as we are .
it gives one exactly the idea of such a height as Miss Smith ' s .
While waiting till the other young people could pair themselves off , Emma found time , in spite of the compliments she was receiving on her voice and her taste , to look about , and see what became of Mr . Knightley .
CHAPTER 39
40 : 5 And behold a wall on the outside of the house round about , and in the man ' s hand a measuring reed of six cubits long by the cubit and an hand breadth : so he measured the breadth of the building , one reed ; and the height , one reed .
I do not mean to justify myself , but at the same time cannot leave you to suppose that I have nothing to urge -- that because she was injured she was irreproachable , and because I was a libertine , SHE must be a saint .
11 : 16 And it came to pass , when Joab observed the city , that he assigned Uriah unto a place where he knew that valiant men were .
MY DEAR MADAM ,
But while so many were devoting him to Emma , and Emma herself making him over to Harriet , Mr . Knightley began to suspect him of some inclination to trifle with Jane Fairfax .
93 : 3 The floods have lifted up , O LORD , the floods have lifted up their voice ; the floods lift up their waves .
40 : 4 And now , behold , I loose thee this day from the chains which were upon thine hand .
12 : 2 But when the Pharisees saw it , they said unto him , Behold , thy disciples do that which is not lawful to do upon the sabbath day .
78 : 31 The wrath of God came upon them , and slew the fattest of them , and smote down the chosen men of Israel .
6 : 6 And I heard a voice in the midst of the four beasts say , A measure of wheat for a penny , and three measures of barley for a penny ; and see thou hurt not the oil and the wine .
" Had you any idea of his coming so soon ?"
Shall he prosper ?
145 : 5 I will speak of the glorious honour of thy majesty , and of thy wondrous works .
2 : 4 For Gaza shall be forsaken , and Ashkelon a desolation : they shall drive out Ashdod at the noon day , and Ekron shall be rooted up .
wherefore consider , I pray you , and see how he seeketh a quarrel against me .
" There is my news :-- I thought it would interest you ," said Mr . Knightley , with a smile which implied a conviction of some part of what had passed between them .
no .
I could not stay two minutes .
39 : 27 When I have brought them again from the people , and gathered them out of their enemies ' lands , and am sanctified in them in the sight of many nations ; 39 : 28 Then shall they know that I am the LORD their God , which caused them to be led into captivity among the heathen : but I have gathered them unto their own land , and have left none of them any more there .
11 : 30 For this cause many are weak and sickly among you , and many sleep .
25 : 38 And the tongs thereof , and the snuffdishes thereof , shall be of pure gold .
" Dear affectionate creature !-- _You_ banished to Abbey - Mill Farm !-- _You_ confined to the society of the illiterate and vulgar all your life !
Thank God !
17 : 6 Yet gleaning grapes shall be left in it , as the shaking of an olive tree , two or three berries in the top of the uppermost bough , four or five in the outmost fruitful branches thereof , saith the LORD God of Israel .
2 : 2 And Elijah said unto Elisha , Tarry here , I pray thee ; for the LORD hath sent me to Bethel .
And the child did minister unto the LORD before Eli the priest .
Let no name ever pass our lips .
10 : 1 Now it came to pass , when Adonizedec king of Jerusalem had heard how Joshua had taken Ai , and had utterly destroyed it ; as he had done to Jericho and her king , so he had done to Ai and her king ; and how the inhabitants of Gibeon had made peace with Israel , and were among them ; 10 : 2 That they feared greatly , because Gibeon was a great city , as one of the royal cities , and because it was greater than Ai , and all the men thereof were mighty .
The number , I say , of the men of the people of Israel was this ; 7 : 8 The children of Parosh , two thousand an hundred seventy and two .
" No , indeed , I shall grant you nothing .
We must all feel for him ; and the more so , because it is totally out of our power to assist him ."
30 : 22 Moreover the LORD spake unto Moses , saying , 30 : 23 Take thou also unto thee principal spices , of pure myrrh five hundred shekels , and of sweet cinnamon half so much , even two hundred and fifty shekels , and of sweet calamus two hundred and fifty shekels , 30 : 24 And of cassia five hundred shekels , after the shekel of the sanctuary , and of oil olive an hin : 30 : 25 And thou shalt make it an oil of holy ointment , an ointment compound after the art of the apothecary : it shall be an holy anointing oil .
Sleeping Lyca lay While the beasts of prey , Come from caverns deep , Viewed the maid asleep .
28 : 16 Then said Samuel , Wherefore then dost thou ask of me , seeing the LORD is departed from thee , and is become thine enemy ?
6 : 24 And the LORD spake unto Moses , saying , 6 : 25 Speak unto Aaron and to his sons , saying , This is the law of the sin offering : In the place where the burnt offering is killed shall the sin offering be killed before the LORD : it is most holy .
In half a minute Charles was at the bottom of Union Street again , and the other two proceeding together : and soon words enough had passed between them to decide their direction towards the comparatively quiet and retired gravel walk , where the power of conversation would make the present hour a blessing indeed , and prepare it for all the immortality which the happiest recollections of their own future lives could bestow .
14 : 6 And I saw another angel fly in the midst of heaven , having the everlasting gospel to preach unto them that dwell on the earth , and to every nation , and kindred , and tongue , and people , 14 : 7 Saying with a loud voice , Fear God , and give glory to him ; for the hour of his judgment is come : and worship him that made heaven , and earth , and the sea , and the fountains of waters .
50 : 43 The king of Babylon hath heard the report of them , and his hands waxed feeble : anguish took hold of him , and pangs as of a woman in travail .
And his name spread far abroad ; for he was marvellously helped , till he was strong .
And he answered , Nothing : howbeit let me go in any wise .
I beseech thee , torment me not .
They had been a year or two waiting for fortune and promotion .
57 : 8 Behind the doors also and the posts hast thou set up thy remembrance : for thou hast discovered thyself to another than me , and art gone up ; thou hast enlarged thy bed , and made thee a covenant with them ; thou lovedst their bed where thou sawest it .
The morning hours of the Cottage were always later than those of the other house , and on the morrow the difference was so great that Mary and Anne were not more than beginning breakfast when Charles came in to say that they were just setting off , that he was come for his dogs , that his sisters were following with Captain Wentworth ; his sisters meaning to visit Mary and the child , and Captain Wentworth proposing also to wait on her for a few minutes if not inconvenient ; and though Charles had answered for the child ' s being in no such state as could make it inconvenient , Captain Wentworth would not be satisfied without his running on to give notice .
For such particulars , stated on such authority , Elinor could not withhold her credit ; nor was she disposed to it , for the circumstance was in perfect unison with what she had heard and seen herself .
36 : 8 They shall be abundantly satisfied with the fatness of thy house ; and thou shalt make them drink of the river of thy pleasures .
28 : 16 At that time did king Ahaz send unto the kings of Assyria to help him .
Mrs . Perry was very anxious that he should have a carriage , and came to my mother in great spirits one morning because she thought she had prevailed .
16 : 56 For thy sister Sodom was not mentioned by thy mouth in the day of thy pride , 16 : 57 Before thy wickedness was discovered , as at the time of thy reproach of the daughters of Syria , and all that are round about her , the daughters of the Philistines , which despise thee round about .
9 : 2 And his disciples asked him , saying , Master , who did sin , this man , or his parents , that he was born blind ?
46 : 17 But if he give a gift of his inheritance to one of his servants , then it shall be his to the year of liberty ; after it shall return to the prince : but his inheritance shall be his sons ' for them .
4 : 22 The Lord Jesus Christ be with thy spirit .
15 : 2 Sixteen years old was he when he began to reign , and he reigned two and fifty years in Jerusalem .
He sends us a sack every year ; and certainly there never was such a keeping apple anywhere as one of his trees -- I believe there is two of them .
15 : 31 Thus shall ye separate the children of Israel from their uncleanness ; that they die not in their uncleanness , when they defile my tabernacle that is among them .
33 : 7 Behold , my terror shall not make thee afraid , neither shall my hand be heavy upon thee .
" There , papa !-- Now you must be satisfied -- Our own dear Mrs . Weston , who is carefulness itself .
Elinor ' s heart thanked her for such kindness towards Edward , though she could not forbear smiling at the form of it .
17 : 7 But which of you , having a servant plowing or feeding cattle , will say unto him by and by , when he is come from the field , Go and sit down to meat ?
8 : 15 But that on the good ground are they , which in an honest and good heart , having heard the word , keep it , and bring forth fruit with patience .
2 : 13 Now rise up , said I , and get you over the brook Zered .
27 : 9 The ancients of Gebal and the wise men thereof were in thee thy calkers : all the ships of the sea with their mariners were in thee to occupy thy merchandise .
.
There had been music , singing , talking , laughing , all that was most agreeable ; charming manners in Captain Wentworth , no shyness or reserve ; they seemed all to know each other perfectly , and he was coming the very next morning to shoot with Charles .
32 : 15 And Moses turned , and went down from the mount , and the two tables of the testimony were in his hand : the tables were written on both their sides ; on the one side and on the other were they written .
14 : 45 And the people said unto Saul , Shall Jonathan die , who hath wrought this great salvation in Israel ?
7 : 24 That which is far off , and exceeding deep , who can find it out ?
9 : 17 Neither do men put new wine into old bottles : else the bottles break , and the wine runneth out , and the bottles perish : but they put new wine into new bottles , and both are preserved .
2 : 22 Now Eli was very old , and heard all that his sons did unto all Israel ; and how they lay with the women that assembled at the door of the tabernacle of the congregation .
And he said , Is he yet alive ?
22 : 12 If the priest ' s daughter also be married unto a stranger , she may not eat of an offering of the holy things .
So far from hence !
3 : 2 And Job spake , and said , 3 : 3 Let the day perish wherein I was born , and the night in which it was said , There is a man child conceived .
19 : 17 And it came to pass , when they had brought them forth abroad , that he said , Escape for thy life ; look not behind thee , neither stay thou in all the plain ; escape to the mountain , lest thou be consumed .
19 : 14 The LORD hath mingled a perverse spirit in the midst thereof : and they have caused Egypt to err in every work thereof , as a drunken man staggereth in his vomit .
27 : 15 For I have not sent them , saith the LORD , yet they prophesy a lie in my name ; that I might drive you out , and that ye might perish , ye , and the prophets that prophesy unto you .
Mrs . John Knightley was delighted to be of use ; any thing of ill health was a recommendation to her -- and though not so fond of a dentist as of a Mr . Wingfield , she was quite eager to have Harriet under her care .-- When it was thus settled on her sister ' s side , Emma proposed it to her friend , and found her very persuadable .-- Harriet was to go ; she was invited for at least a fortnight ; she was to be conveyed in Mr . Woodhouse ' s carriage .-- It was all arranged , it was all completed , and Harriet was safe in Brunswick Square .
" Mr . Elton going to be married !"
3 : 20 Now a mediator is not a mediator of one , but God is one .
40 : 4 And thou shalt bring in the table , and set in order the things that are to be set in order upon it ; and thou shalt bring in the candlestick , and light the lamps thereof .
5 : 38 But new wine must be put into new bottles ; and both are preserved .
11 : 1 And the LORD said unto Moses , Yet will I bring one plague more upon Pharaoh , and upon Egypt ; afterwards he will let you go hence : when he shall let you go , he shall surely thrust you out hence altogether .
No , my dear little modest Harriet , depend upon it the picture will not be in Bond - street till just before he mounts his horse to - morrow .
29 : 18 O LORD God of Abraham , Isaac , and of Israel , our fathers , keep this for ever in the imagination of the thoughts of the heart of thy people , and prepare their heart unto thee : 29 : 19 And give unto Solomon my son a perfect heart , to keep thy commandments , thy testimonies , and thy statutes , and to do all these things , and to build the palace , for the which I have made provision .
He doth give his joy to all : He becomes an infant small , He becomes a man of woe , He doth feel the sorrow too .
2 : 5 The children of Arah , seven hundred seventy and five .
And it is so cheerful a place , that it could not fail of being of use to Mr . Woodhouse ' s spirits , which , I understand , are sometimes much depressed .
At the park she laughed at the colonel , and in the cottage at Marianne .
7 : 7 As the sin offering is , so is the trespass offering : there is one law for them : the priest that maketh atonement therewith shall have it .
23 : 6 But let none come into the house of the LORD , save the priests , and they that minister of the Levites ; they shall go in , for they are holy : but all the people shall keep the watch of the LORD .
" We were too magnificent ," said he .
I have always wanted some other motive for his conduct than appeared .
25 : 6 So they took the king , and brought him up to the king of Babylon to Riblah ; and they gave judgment upon him .
3 : 6 Not a novice , lest being lifted up with pride he fall into the condemnation of the devil .
6 : 19 And the oracle he prepared in the house within , to set there the ark of the covenant of the LORD .
4 : 11 And ye came near and stood under the mountain ; and the mountain burned with fire unto the midst of heaven , with darkness , clouds , and thick darkness .
35 : 7 For without cause have they hid for me their net in a pit , which without cause they have digged for my soul .
And so you are most comfortably settled in your little cottage and want for nothing !
129 : 3 The plowers plowed upon my back : they made long their furrows .
It was the desire of appearing superior to other people .
91 : 9 Because thou hast made the LORD , which is my refuge , even the most High , thy habitation ;
" Your word !-- why not your honour !-- why not say upon your honour , that it has nothing to do with any of them ?
There was a little blush , and then this answer ,
" What !"
7 : 21 And it shall come to pass in that day , that a man shall nourish a young cow , and two sheep ; 7 : 22 And it shall come to pass , for the abundance of milk that they shall give he shall eat butter : for butter and honey shall every one eat that is left in the land .
18 : 14 Will a man leave the snow of Lebanon which cometh from the rock of the field ?
And these are the families of the Levites according to their fathers .
34 : 26 And the prince of the tribe of the children of Issachar , Paltiel the son of Azzan .
and whose are these before thee ?
5 : 27 Ye have heard that it was said by them of old time , Thou shalt not commit adultery : 5 : 28 But I say unto you , That whosoever looketh on a woman to lust after her hath committed adultery with her already in his heart .
9 : 21 And Saul answered and said , Am not I a Benjamite , of the smallest of the tribes of Israel ?
12 : 2 And Jephthah said unto them , I and my people were at great strife with the children of Ammon ; and when I called you , ye delivered me not out of their hands .
But while they wondered every one at all things which Jesus did , he said unto his disciples , 9 : 44 Let these sayings sink down into your ears : for the Son of man shall be delivered into the hands of men .
18 : 16 And the six hundred men appointed with their weapons of war , which were of the children of Dan , stood by the entering of the gate .
or who can say , Thou hast wrought iniquity ?
6 : 1 Then said Solomon , The LORD hath said that he would dwell in the thick darkness .
8 : 15 Then said he unto me , Hast thou seen this , O son of man ?
8 : 35 There was not a word of all that Moses commanded , which Joshua read not before all the congregation of Israel , with the women , and the little ones , and the strangers that were conversant among them .
" Altered beyond his knowledge ."
9 : 50 And Jesus said unto him , Forbid him not : for he that is not against us is for us .
16 : 12 I was at ease , but he hath broken me asunder : he hath also taken me by my neck , and shaken me to pieces , and set me up for his mark .
12 : 7 And I heard the man clothed in linen , which was upon the waters of the river , when he held up his right hand and his left hand unto heaven , and sware by him that liveth for ever that it shall be for a time , times , and an half ; and when he shall have accomplished to scatter the power of the holy people , all these things shall be finished .
They joined company and proceeded together .
26 : 11 And Abimelech charged all his people , saying , He that toucheth this man or his wife shall surely be put to death .
There is my sister ; and really quite her own little elegant figure !-- and the face not unlike .
7 : 31 And many of the people believed on him , and said , When Christ cometh , will he do more miracles than these which this man hath done ?
My idea of the simple and the natural will be to have the table spread in the dining - room .
9 : 27 And Joshua made them that day hewers of wood and drawers of water for the congregation , and for the altar of the LORD , even unto this day , in the place which he should choose .
" His father ' s marriage ," he said , " had been the wisest measure , every friend must rejoice in it ; and the family from whom he had received such a blessing must be ever considered as having conferred the highest obligation on him ."
4 : 6 For I am now ready to be offered , and the time of my departure is at hand .
I will answer for it _she_ never betrayed the least thing in the world .
His enquiries , however , produced at length an account of the scene she had been engaged in there , soon after his leaving the place .
" It was her very particular friend , you know ."
8 : 8 And they drew out the staves , that the ends of the staves were seen out in the holy place before the oracle , and they were not seen without : and there they are unto this day .
10 : 20 And it came to pass , when Joshua and the children of Israel had made an end of slaying them with a very great slaughter , till they were consumed , that the rest which remained of them entered into fenced cities .
Hazle eyes excepted , two years more might make her all that he wished .
As these considerations occurred to her in painful succession , she wept for him , more than for herself .
" You are comfortable because you are under command ."
10 : 9 Yet heard I the voice of his words : and when I heard the voice of his words , then was I in a deep sleep on my face , and my face toward the ground .
2 : 2 For I determined not to know any thing among you , save Jesus Christ , and him crucified .
How could you suppose so ?
cried Captain Harville , in a tone of strong feeling , " if I could but make you comprehend what a man suffers when he takes a last look at his wife and children , and watches the boat that he has sent them off in , as long as it is in sight , and then turns away and says , ` God knows whether we ever meet again !'
I believe you equal to every important exertion , and to every domestic forbearance , so long as -- if I may be allowed the expression -- so long as you have an object .
" I had not the smallest intention of asking him ," said Elizabeth , with affected carelessness , " but he gave so many hints ; so Mrs Clay says , at least ."
13 : 4 And all Israel heard say that Saul had smitten a garrison of the Philistines , and that Israel also was had in abomination with the Philistines .
" You are extremely kind ," said Jane ; " but I cannot give up my early walk .
24 : 3 And Jehoiada took for him two wives ; and he begat sons and daughters .
Indeed I must say that , much as I had heard of him before and much as I had expected , he very far exceeds any thing .
This had happened the year before .
Louisa was now recovering apace .
It is such a happiness when good people get together -- and they always do .
12 : 8 And the priests consented to receive no more money of the people , neither to repair the breaches of the house .
And he came out the same hour .
32 : 24 In those days Hezekiah was sick to the death , and prayed unto the LORD : and he spake unto him , and he gave him a sign .
22 : 34 And the children of Reuben and the children of Gad called the altar Ed : for it shall be a witness between us that the LORD is God .
But Edward had no turn for great men or barouches .
67 : 4 O let the nations be glad and sing for joy : for thou shalt judge the people righteously , and govern the nations upon earth .
20 : 36 And when he had thus spoken , he kneeled down , and prayed with them all .
9 : 33 And it came to pass , as they departed from him , Peter said unto Jesus , Master , it is good for us to be here : and let us make three tabernacles ; one for thee , and one for Moses , and one for Elias : not knowing what he said .
52 : 9 Break forth into joy , sing together , ye waste places of Jerusalem : for the LORD hath comforted his people , he hath redeemed Jerusalem .
3 : 33 He that hath received his testimony hath set to his seal that God is true .
2 : 16 For there is no remembrance of the wise more than of the fool for ever ; seeing that which now is in the days to come shall all be forgotten .
APPENDIX
" It is a great pleasure where one can indulge in it ," said the young man , " though there are not many houses that I should presume on so far ; but in coming _home_ I felt I might do any thing ."
And they spread a garment , and did cast therein every man the earrings of his prey .
Both seemed to look to her for directions .
119 : 104 Through thy precepts I get understanding : therefore I hate every false way .
29 : 9 Keep therefore the words of this covenant , and do them , that ye may prosper in all that ye do .
30 : 25 Did not I weep for him that was in trouble ?
11 : 11 And , behold , immediately there were three men already come unto the house where I was , sent from Caesarea unto me .
" No ," replied Anne , in a low , feeling voice .
27 : 5 He fought also with the king of the Ammonites , and prevailed against them .
MY happiness never was his object ."
41 : 5 After he measured the wall of the house , six cubits ; and the breadth of every side chamber , four cubits , round about the house on every side .
5 : 11 Woe unto them that rise up early in the morning , that they may follow strong drink ; that continue until night , till wine inflame them !
24 : 13 And the LORD spake unto Moses , saying , 24 : 14 Bring forth him that hath cursed without the camp ; and let all that heard him lay their hands upon his head , and let all the congregation stone him .
5 : 7 Ye did run well ; who did hinder you that ye should not obey the truth ?
8 : 27 But will God indeed dwell on the earth ?
105 : 21 He made him lord of his house , and ruler of all his substance :
9 : 16 And the bow shall be in the cloud ; and I will look upon it , that I may remember the everlasting covenant between God and every living creature of all flesh that is upon the earth .
149 : 7 To execute vengeance upon the heathen , and punishments upon the people ;
At least , however , I cannot be worse off than I should have been , if the other had been the person ; and now -- it _is_ possible --"
2 : 17 Wherefore in all things it behoved him to be made like unto his brethren , that he might be a merciful and faithful high priest in things pertaining to God , to make reconciliation for the sins of the people .
18 : 7 How much she hath glorified herself , and lived deliciously , so much torment and sorrow give her : for she saith in her heart , I sit a queen , and am no widow , and shall see no sorrow .
36 : 6 He preserveth not the life of the wicked : but giveth right to the poor .
7 : 12 Wherefore it shall come to pass , if ye hearken to these judgments , and keep , and do them , that the LORD thy God shall keep unto thee the covenant and the mercy which he sware unto thy fathers : 7 : 13 And he will love thee , and bless thee , and multiply thee : he will also bless the fruit of thy womb , and the fruit of thy land , thy corn , and thy wine , and thine oil , the increase of thy kine , and the flocks of thy sheep , in the land which he sware unto thy fathers to give thee .
31 : 3 And the battle went sore against Saul , and the archers hit him ; and he was sore wounded of the archers .
20 : 25 And the king sat upon his seat , as at other times , even upon a seat by the wall : and Jonathan arose , and Abner sat by Saul ' s side , and David ' s place was empty .
92 : 8 But thou , LORD , art most high for evermore .
" We are all unanimous in that wish , I suppose ," said Elinor , " in spite of the insufficiency of wealth ."
28 : 18 Who , when they had examined me , would have let me go , because there was no cause of death in me .
12 : 5 He that is ready to slip with his feet is as a lamp despised in the thought of him that is at ease .
11 : 40 Ye fools , did not he that made that which is without make that which is within also ?
10 : 14 For by one offering he hath perfected for ever them that are sanctified .
that is quite -- I suppose there never was a piece of news more generally interesting .
10 : 11 And the LORD said unto the children of Israel , Did not I deliver you from the Egyptians , and from the Amorites , from the children of Ammon , and from the Philistines ?
19 : 14 My kinsfolk have failed , and my familiar friends have forgotten me .
4 : 30 And he said , Whereunto shall we liken the kingdom of God ?
1 : 8 If thou know not , O thou fairest among women , go thy way forth by the footsteps of the flock , and feed thy kids beside the shepherds ' tents .
8 : 11 And he sprinkled thereof upon the altar seven times , and anointed the altar and all his vessels , both the laver and his foot , to sanctify them .
4 : 19 Then Daniel , whose name was Belteshazzar , was astonied for one hour , and his thoughts troubled him .
24 : 4 Notwithstanding the king ' s word prevailed against Joab , and against the captains of the host .
Lord !
1 : 10 And straightway coming up out of the water , he saw the heavens opened , and the Spirit like a dove descending upon him : 1 : 11 And there came a voice from heaven , saying , Thou art my beloved Son , in whom I am well pleased .
7 : 45 Thou gavest me no kiss : but this woman since the time I came in hath not ceased to kiss my feet .
art thou come hither to torment us before the time ?
There were not merely no grammatical errors , but as a composition it would not have disgraced a gentleman ; the language , though plain , was strong and unaffected , and the sentiments it conveyed very much to the credit of the writer .
28 : 27 The LORD will smite thee with the botch of Egypt , and with the emerods , and with the scab , and with the itch , whereof thou canst not be healed .
It would be almost beginning their life of civility again .
21 : 4 And the Gibeonites said unto him , We will have no silver nor gold of Saul , nor of his house ; neither for us shalt thou kill any man in Israel .
6 : 2 God forbid .
22 : 7 All they that see me laugh me to scorn : they shoot out the lip , they shake the head , saying ,
14 : 13 And it shall come to pass in that day , that a great tumult from the LORD shall be among them ; and they shall lay hold every one on the hand of his neighbour , and his hand shall rise up against the hand of his neighbour .
21 : 8 And the LORD said unto Moses , Make thee a fiery serpent , and set it upon a pole : and it shall come to pass , that every one that is bitten , when he looketh upon it , shall live .
" I will not say that I am disappointed , my dear sister ," said John , as they were walking together one morning before the gates of Delaford House , " THAT would be saying too much , for certainly you have been one of the most fortunate young women in the world , as it is .
13 : 32 These are the countries which Moses did distribute for inheritance in the plains of Moab , on the other side Jordan , by Jericho , eastward .
To be claimed as a good , though in an improper style , is at least better than being rejected as no good at all ; and Anne , glad to be thought of some use , glad to have anything marked out as a duty , and certainly not sorry to have the scene of it in the country , and her own dear country , readily agreed to stay .
' Lord !'
1 : 11 Pass ye away , thou inhabitant of Saphir , having thy shame naked : the inhabitant of Zaanan came not forth in the mourning of Bethezel ; he shall receive of you his standing .
3 : 5 And ye know that he was manifested to take away our sins ; and in him is no sin .
O little Cloud the virgin said , I charge thee to tell me Why thou complainest now when in one hour thou fade away : Then we shall seek thee but not find : ah Thel is like to thee .
4 : 14 And the anger of the LORD was kindled against Moses , and he said , Is not Aaron the Levite thy brother ?
Mrs . Jennings would have persuaded her , at its conclusion , to take some rest before her mother ' s arrival , and allow HER to take her place by Marianne ; but Elinor had no sense of fatigue , no capability of sleep at that moment about her , and she was not to be kept away from her sister an unnecessary instant .
3 : 18 I will gather them that are sorrowful for the solemn assembly , who are of thee , to whom the reproach of it was a burden .
38 : 1 And he made the altar of burnt offering of shittim wood : five cubits was the length thereof , and five cubits the breadth thereof ; it was foursquare ; and three cubits the height thereof .
I suppose it is something he is ashamed of ."
33 : 5 He loveth righteousness and judgment : the earth is full of the goodness of the LORD .
All Anne ' s wishes had been for the latter .
Emma could not have desired a more spirited rejection of Mr . Martin ' s prose .
Therefore according to the commandment of the LORD he gave them an inheritance among the brethren of their father .
10 : 39 Therefore they sought again to take him : but he escaped out of their hand , 10 : 40 And went away again beyond Jordan into the place where John at first baptized ; and there he abode .
105 : 20 The king sent and loosed him ; even the ruler of the people , and let him go free .
6 : 4 For the arrows of the Almighty are within me , the poison whereof drinketh up my spirit : the terrors of God do set themselves in array against me .
said he .
71 : 21 Thou shalt increase my greatness , and comfort me on every side .
Would they only have gone away , and left her in the quiet possession of that room it would have been her cure ; but to have them all standing or waiting around her was distracting , and in desperation , she said she would go home .
10 : 11 For whereas my father put a heavy yoke upon you , I will put more to your yoke : my father chastised you with whips , but I will chastise you with scorpions .
Henrietta fully thought so herself , before Captain Wentworth came ; but from that time Cousin Charles had been very much forgotten .
Colonel Wallis had known Mr Elliot long , had been well acquainted also with his wife , had perfectly understood the whole story .
26 : 19 And thou shalt make forty sockets of silver under the twenty boards ; two sockets under one board for his two tenons , and two sockets under another board for his two tenons .
14 : 10 But all the congregation bade stone them with stones .
They had nearly done breakfast , when the sound of a carriage , ( almost the first they had heard since entering Lyme ) drew half the party to the window .
22 : 11 Then the king sent to call Ahimelech the priest , the son of Ahitub , and all his father ' s house , the priests that were in Nob : and they came all of them to the king .
27 : 40 And when they had taken up the anchors , they committed themselves unto the sea , and loosed the rudder bands , and hoised up the mainsail to the wind , and made toward shore .
' Twas on a Holy Thursday , their innocent faces clean , Came children walking two and two , in read , and blue , and green : Grey - headed beadles walked before , with wands as white as snow , Till into the high dome of Paul ' s they like Thames waters flow .
9 : 6 And he said unto him , Behold now , there is in this city a man of God , and he is an honourable man ; all that he saith cometh surely to pass : now let us go thither ; peradventure he can shew us our way that we should go .
17 : 34 And David said unto Saul , Thy servant kept his father ' s sheep , and there came a lion , and a bear , and took a lamb out of the flock : 17 : 35 And I went out after him , and smote him , and delivered it out of his mouth : and when he arose against me , I caught him by his beard , and smote him , and slew him .
She hoped it was not so .
He had enquired after her , she found , particularly ; had expressed his hope of Miss Elliot ' s not being the worse for her exertions , and had spoken of those exertions as great .
19 : 5 If indeed ye will magnify yourselves against me , and plead against me my reproach : 19 : 6 Know now that God hath overthrown me , and hath compassed me with his net .
He had all the clearness and quickness of mind which she wanted , and he could sometimes act an ungracious , or say a severe thing .
Harriet had been at Hartfield , as usual , soon after breakfast ; and , after a time , had gone home to return again to dinner : she returned , and sooner than had been talked of , and with an agitated , hurried look , announcing something extraordinary to have happened which she was longing to tell .
You need not tell her so , but I thought her dress hideous the other night .
My dear Isabella , I have not heard you make one inquiry about Mr . Perry yet ; and he never forgets you ."
" I am not wishing him too much good ," said Marianne at last with a sigh , " when I wish his secret reflections may be no more unpleasant than my own .
" I am disappointed ," was his only answer .
or canst thou thunder with a voice like him ?
21 : 27 And they answered Jesus , and said , We cannot tell .
16 : 2 He answered and said unto them , When it is evening , ye say , It will be fair weather : for the sky is red .
15 : 6 If a man abide not in me , he is cast forth as a branch , and is withered ; and men gather them , and cast them into the fire , and they are burned .
" I am very sorry to hear , Miss Fairfax , of your being out this morning in the rain .
11 : 13 For such are false apostles , deceitful workers , transforming themselves into the apostles of Christ .
3 : 9 King Solomon made himself a chariot of the wood of Lebanon .
If a man had not a wife , he soon wants to be afloat again ."
6 : 27 So the LORD was with Joshua ; and his fame was noised throughout all the country .
and what communion hath light with darkness ?
15 : 7 The lips of the wise disperse knowledge : but the heart of the foolish doeth not so .
He cannot want money -- he cannot want leisure .
She followed another carriage to Mr . Cole ' s door ; and was pleased to see that it was Mr . Knightley ' s ; for Mr . Knightley keeping no horses , having little spare money and a great deal of health , activity , and independence , was too apt , in Emma ' s opinion , to get about as he could , and not use his carriage so often as became the owner of Donwell Abbey .
27 : 30 And they spit upon him , and took the reed , and smote him on the head .
9 : 6 Which shaketh the earth out of her place , and the pillars thereof tremble .
I do not care for myself .
66 : 18 If I regard iniquity in my heart , the Lord will not hear me :
19 : 30 But many that are first shall be last ; and the last shall be first .
17 : 10 And the LORD said unto Moses , Bring Aaron ' s rod again before the testimony , to be kept for a token against the rebels ; and thou shalt quite take away their murmurings from me , that they die not .
22 : 17 And it came to pass , that , when I was come again to Jerusalem , even while I prayed in the temple , I was in a trance ; 22 : 18 And saw him saying unto me , Make haste , and get thee quickly out of Jerusalem : for they will not receive thy testimony concerning me .
" How strange this is !
11 : 31 For if we would judge ourselves , we should not be judged .
I have not the smallest doubt of the issue .
cried Harriet , coming eagerly into the room -- " is not this the oddest news that ever was ?"
" Me !-- I suppose I smile for pleasure at Colonel Campbell ' s being so rich and so liberal .-- It is a handsome present ."
48 : 43 Fear , and the pit , and the snare , shall be upon thee , O inhabitant of Moab , saith the LORD .
He had many years ago received such a description of Miss Anne Elliot as had inspired him with the highest idea of her merit , and excited the warmest curiosity to know her ."
Dear Miss Woodhouse , he would be thirty years old !"
14 : 2 And all the children of Israel murmured against Moses and against Aaron : and the whole congregation said unto them , Would God that we had died in the land of Egypt !
6 : 41 And why beholdest thou the mote that is in thy brother ' s eye , but perceivest not the beam that is in thine own eye ?
10 : 8 And the children of Ammon came out , and put the battle in array at the entering in of the gate : and the Syrians of Zoba , and of Rehob , and Ishtob , and Maacah , were by themselves in the field .
45 : 12 And the shekel shall be twenty gerahs : twenty shekels , five and twenty shekels , fifteen shekels , shall be your maneh .
" Walter ," said she , " get down this moment .
13 : 1 And the LORD spake unto Moses and Aaron , saying , 13 : 2 When a man shall have in the skin of his flesh a rising , a scab , or bright spot , and it be in the skin of his flesh like the plague of leprosy ; then he shall be brought unto Aaron the priest , or unto one of his sons the priests : 13 : 3 And the priest shall look on the plague in the skin of the flesh : and when the hair in the plague is turned white , and the plague in sight be deeper than the skin of his flesh , it is a plague of leprosy : and the priest shall look on him , and pronounce him unclean .
40 : 25 To whom then will ye liken me , or shall I be equal ?
6 : 18 And thou shalt do that which is right and good in the sight of the LORD : that it may be well with thee , and that thou mayest go in and possess the good land which the LORD sware unto thy fathers .
35 : 21 But he sent ambassadors to him , saying , What have I to do with thee , thou king of Judah ?
And woman , lovely woman , reigns alone .
36 : 34 And the desolate land shall be tilled , whereas it lay desolate in the sight of all that passed by .
So his strength was not known .
for who is like me ?
50 : 1 The word that the LORD spake against Babylon and against the land of the Chaldeans by Jeremiah the prophet .
5 : 11 But the younger widows refuse : for when they have begun to wax wanton against Christ , they will marry ; 5 : 12 Having damnation , because they have cast off their first faith .
Can you imagine any thing nearer perfect beauty than Emma altogether -- face and figure ?"
The evening passed off in the equal indulgence of feeling .
30 : 3 Therefore shall the strength of Pharaoh be your shame , and the trust in the shadow of Egypt your confusion .
THAT I will never consent to .
12 : 49 And he stretched forth his hand toward his disciples , and said , Behold my mother and my brethren !
for he hath supplanted me these two times : he took away my birthright ; and , behold , now he hath taken away my blessing .
4 : 1 And the word of Samuel came to all Israel .
28 : 10 And Saul sware to her by the LORD , saying , As the LORD liveth , there shall no punishment happen to thee for this thing .
65 : 8 Thus saith the LORD , As the new wine is found in the cluster , and one saith , Destroy it not ; for a blessing is in it : so will I do for my servants ' sakes , that I may not destroy them all .
46 : 3 Hearken unto me , O house of Jacob , and all the remnant of the house of Israel , which are borne by me from the belly , which are carried from the womb : 46 : 4 And even to your old age I am he ; and even to hoar hairs will I carry you : I have made , and I will bear ; even I will carry , and will deliver you .
" She must have some motive , more powerful than appears , for refusing this invitation ," was Emma ' s conclusion .
You must know I have a vast dislike to puppies -- quite a horror of them .
20 : 3 And I will set my face against that man , and will cut him off from among his people ; because he hath given of his seed unto Molech , to defile my sanctuary , and to profane my holy name .
At seven o ' clock , leaving Marianne still sweetly asleep , she joined Mrs . Jennings in the drawing - room to tea .
41 : 2 The LORD will preserve him , and keep him alive ; and he shall be blessed upon the earth : and thou wilt not deliver him unto the will of his enemies .
33 : 29 And they went from Mithcah , and pitched in Hashmonah .
it hath been already of old time , which was before us .
There was certainly no harm in his travelling sixteen miles twice over on such an errand ; but there was an air of foppery and nonsense in it which she could not approve .
But at last there seemed a perverse turn ; it seemed all at once as if he were more afraid of its being a bad sore throat on her account , than on Harriet ' s -- more anxious that she should escape the infection , than that there should be no infection in the complaint .
8 : 25 And so it was , that all that fell that day , both of men and women , were twelve thousand , even all the men of Ai .
5 : 15 And Solomon had threescore and ten thousand that bare burdens , and fourscore thousand hewers in the mountains ; 5 : 16 Beside the chief of Solomon ' s officers which were over the work , three thousand and three hundred , which ruled over the people that wrought in the work .
The situation of Barton , in a county so far distant from Sussex as Devonshire , which , but a few hours before , would have been a sufficient objection to outweigh every possible advantage belonging to the place , was now its first recommendation .
The style of the visit , and the shortness of it , were then felt to be decisive .
There was a family of cousins within a walk of Uppercross , in less affluent circumstances , who depended on the Musgroves for all their pleasures : they would come at any time , and help play at anything , or dance anywhere ; and Anne , very much preferring the office of musician to a more active post , played country dances to them by the hour together ; a kindness which always recommended her musical powers to the notice of Mr and Mrs Musgrove more than anything else , and often drew this compliment ;-- " Well done , Miss Anne !
145 : 7 They shall abundantly utter the memory of thy great goodness , and shall sing of thy righteousness .
17 : 37 And the statutes , and the ordinances , and the law , and the commandment , which he wrote for you , ye shall observe to do for evermore ; and ye shall not fear other gods .
Mrs . Weston , with her baby on her knee , indulging in such reflections as these , was one of the happiest women in the world .
She returned just in time to join the others as they quitted the house , on an excursion through its more immediate premises ; and the rest of the morning was easily whiled away , in lounging round the kitchen garden , examining the bloom upon its walls , and listening to the gardener ' s lamentations upon blights , in dawdling through the green - house , where the loss of her favourite plants , unwarily exposed , and nipped by the lingering frost , raised the laughter of Charlotte ,-- and in visiting her poultry - yard , where , in the disappointed hopes of her dairy - maid , by hens forsaking their nests , or being stolen by a fox , or in the rapid decrease of a promising young brood , she found fresh sources of merriment .
9 : 10 And they that know thy name will put their trust in thee : for thou , LORD , hast not forsaken them that seek thee .
12 : 42 Nevertheless among the chief rulers also many believed on him ; but because of the Pharisees they did not confess him , lest they should be put out of the synagogue : 12 : 43 For they loved the praise of men more than the praise of God .
13 : 43 Then shall the righteous shine forth as the sun in the kingdom of their Father .
Harriet looked grave .
89 : 12 The north and the south thou hast created them : Tabor and Hermon shall rejoice in thy name .
But ye said , Wherein shall we return ?
" I do remember it ," cried Emma ; " I perfectly remember it .-- Talking about spruce - beer .-- Oh !
-- He met her at the parlour - door , and hardly asking her how she did , in the natural key of his voice , sunk it immediately , to say , unheard by her father ,
One other short call in Harley Street , in which Elinor received her brother ' s congratulations on their travelling so far towards Barton without any expense , and on Colonel Brandon ' s being to follow them to Cleveland in a day or two , completed the intercourse of the brother and sisters in town ;-- and a faint invitation from Fanny , to come to Norland whenever it should happen to be in their way , which of all things was the most unlikely to occur , with a more warm , though less public , assurance , from John to Elinor , of the promptitude with which he should come to see her at Delaford , was all that foretold any meeting in the country .
do all interpret ?
47 : 3 And Pharaoh said unto his brethren , What is your occupation ?
13 : 21 But Abijah waxed mighty , and married fourteen wives , and begat twenty and two sons , and sixteen daughters .
1 : 20 Therefore God dealt well with the midwives : and the people multiplied , and waxed very mighty .
6 : 28 Can one go upon hot coals , and his feet not be burned ?
My behaviour , during the very happy fortnight which I spent with you , did not , I hope , lay me open to reprehension , excepting on one point .
why then doth my lord require this thing ?
saith the LORD .
25 : 2 And the city was besieged unto the eleventh year of king Zedekiah .
11 : 29 And Moses said unto him , Enviest thou for my sake ?
Now , I can think and speak of it with little emotion .
3 : 4 God forbid : yea , let God be true , but every man a liar ; as it is written , That thou mightest be justified in thy sayings , and mightest overcome when thou art judged .
24 : 8 Take heed in the plague of leprosy , that thou observe diligently , and do according to all that the priests the Levites shall teach you : as I commanded them , so ye shall observe to do .
7 : 2 Then a lord on whose hand the king leaned answered the man of God , and said , Behold , if the LORD would make windows in heaven , might this thing be ?
Mr . Knightley ' s excessive curiosity to know what this word might be , made him seize every possible moment for darting his eye towards it , and it was not long before he saw it to be _Dixon_ .
She could consult with her brother , could receive her sister - in - law on her arrival , and treat her with proper attention ; and could strive to rouse her mother to similar exertion , and encourage her to similar forbearance .
Hath any of the gods of the nations delivered his land out of the hand of the king of Assyria ?
9 : 59 And he said unto another , Follow me .
Mr . Knightley , a sensible man about seven or eight - and - thirty , was not only a very old and intimate friend of the family , but particularly connected with it , as the elder brother of Isabella ' s husband .
It is natural , and it is honourable .-- Yes , honourable , I think , to chuse so well and so gratefully .-- But that it will be a fortunate preference is more that I can promise .
Miss Fairfax must already have given her account .-- I shall not commit myself by claiming more than she may chuse to allow ."
And the sons of Dedan were Asshurim , and Letushim , and Leummim .
And they came and held him by the feet , and worshipped him .
23 : 7 Thus she committed her whoredoms with them , with all them that were the chosen men of Assyria , and with all on whom she doted : with all their idols she defiled herself .
If any man offend not in word , the same is a perfect man , and able also to bridle the whole body .
But they were the ruin of him , and of all Israel .
Their favour increased ; they could not be spared ; Sir John would not hear of their going ; and in spite of their numerous and long arranged engagements in Exeter , in spite of the absolute necessity of returning to fulfill them immediately , which was in full force at the end of every week , they were prevailed on to stay nearly two months at the park , and to assist in the due celebration of that festival which requires a more than ordinary share of private balls and large dinners to proclaim its importance .
2 : 22 Seest thou how faith wrought with his works , and by works was faith made perfect ?
2 : 9 For , behold , I will shake mine hand upon them , and they shall be a spoil to their servants : and ye shall know that the LORD of hosts hath sent me .
" Perhaps I ought to have reasoned thus ," he replied , " but I could not .
" Then you would be very ill - bred ," cried Mr . Palmer .
Her aunt is a good creature , but , as a constant companion , must be very tiresome .
But Jane , it seems , had a letter from them very lately , and not a word was said about it .
I feel it so very due .
I wish nature had made such hearts as yours more common , but I have lived three - and - twenty years in the world , and have seen none like it .
You made a lucky guess ; and _that_ is all that can be said ."
34 : 21 Six days thou shalt work , but on the seventh day thou shalt rest : in earing time and in harvest thou shalt rest .
4 : 5 Offer the sacrifices of righteousness , and put your trust in the LORD .
1 : 22 From the blood of the slain , from the fat of the mighty , the bow of Jonathan turned not back , and the sword of Saul returned not empty .
4 : 14 Seeing then that we have a great high priest , that is passed into the heavens , Jesus the Son of God , let us hold fast our profession .
13 : 45 Again , the kingdom of heaven is like unto a merchant man , seeking goodly pearls : 13 : 46 Who , when he had found one pearl of great price , went and sold all that he had , and bought it .
But ," ( checking himself ), " you will not think it a good place , for yours were always kept in the butler ' s room .
Elinor was employed in walking thoughtfully from the fire to the window , from the window to the fire , without knowing that she received warmth from one , or discerning objects through the other ; and Marianne , seated at the foot of the bed , with her head leaning against one of its posts , again took up Willoughby ' s letter , and , after shuddering over every sentence , exclaimed --
19 : 22 And the LORD shall smite Egypt : he shall smite and heal it : and they shall return even to the LORD , and he shall be intreated of them , and shall heal them .
16 : 4 I also could speak as ye do : if your soul were in my soul ' s stead , I could heap up words against you , and shake mine head at you .
And they said , Seven .
28 : 33 And beneath upon the hem of it thou shalt make pomegranates of blue , and of purple , and of scarlet , round about the hem thereof ; and bells of gold between them round about : 28 : 34 A golden bell and a pomegranate , a golden bell and a pomegranate , upon the hem of the robe round about .
A speedy cure must not be hoped , but everything was going on as well as the nature of the case admitted .
13 : 14 Of the tribe of Naphtali , Nahbi the son of Vophsi .
14 : 5 And when there was an assault made both of the Gentiles , and also of the Jews with their rulers , to use them despitefully , and to stone them , 14 : 6 They were ware of it , and fled unto Lystra and Derbe , cities of Lycaonia , and unto the region that lieth round about : 14 : 7 And there they preached the gospel .
18 : 3 And Joshua said unto the children of Israel , How long are ye slack to go to possess the land , which the LORD God of your fathers hath given you ?
15 : 29 Ye shall have one law for him that sinneth through ignorance , both for him that is born among the children of Israel , and for the stranger that sojourneth among them .
19 : 41 And when he had thus spoken , he dismissed the assembly .
18 : 21 And Elijah came unto all the people , and said , How long halt ye between two opinions ?
22 : 10 Therefore snares are round about thee , and sudden fear troubleth thee ; 22 : 11 Or darkness , that thou canst not see ; and abundance of waters cover thee .
25 : 4 And David heard in the wilderness that Nabal did shear his sheep .
2 : 18 Consider now from this day and upward , from the four and twentieth day of the ninth month , even from the day that the foundation of the LORD ' s temple was laid , consider it .
18 : 13 And Micaiah said , As the LORD liveth , even what my God saith , that will I speak .
27 : 4 Thy borders are in the midst of the seas , thy builders have perfected thy beauty .
57 : 11 Be thou exalted , O God , above the heavens : let thy glory be above all the earth .
17 : 16 They are not of the world , even as I am not of the world .
I thought -- but I beg your pardon , perhaps I have been under a mistake .
I am no card - player ."
5 : 16 There is no straw given unto thy servants , and they say to us , Make brick : and , behold , thy servants are beaten ; but the fault is in thine own people .
11 : 14 And he was casting out a devil , and it was dumb .
" Has she ?"
I shall then go post ."
Her knowledge of her father and Elizabeth inclined her to think that the sacrifice of one pair of horses would be hardly less painful than of both , and so on , through the whole list of Lady Russell ' s too gentle reductions .
" But , my dear , pray do not make any more matches ; they are silly things , and break up one ' s family circle grievously ."
" Hush !
She met him with a hand that would be taken , and a voice that expressed the affection of a sister .
You saw I did not all dinner time .
41 : 11 And the doors of the side chambers were toward the place that was left , one door toward the north , and another door toward the south : and the breadth of the place that was left was five cubits round about .
19 : 5 Then there went certain , and told David how the men were served .
32 : 2 And when Jacob saw them , he said , This is God ' s host : and he called the name of that place Mahanaim .
19 : 23 The fear of the LORD tendeth to life : and he that hath it shall abide satisfied ; he shall not be visited with evil .
She loved Anne better than she loved her own abilities ; and when the awkwardness of the beginning was over , found little hardship in attaching herself as a mother to the man who was securing the happiness of her other child .
145 : 15 The eyes of all wait upon thee ; and thou givest them their meat in due season .
20 : 39 And when the men of Israel retired in the battle , Benjamin began to smite and kill of the men of Israel about thirty persons : for they said , Surely they are smitten down before us , as in the first battle .
Dinner - parties and evening - parties were made for him and his lady ; and invitations flowed in so fast that she had soon the pleasure of apprehending they were never to have a disengaged day .
All his sanguine expectations , all his confidence had been justified .
7 : 7 For I would that all men were even as I myself .
3 : 22 And , behold , the servants of David and Joab came from pursuing a troop , and brought in a great spoil with them : but Abner was not with David in Hebron ; for he had sent him away , and he was gone in peace .
68 : 16 Why leap ye , ye high hills ?
I do not like having such things so long in hand .
19 : 25 Smite a scorner , and the simple will beware : and reprove one that hath understanding , and he will understand knowledge .
37 : 1 And king Zedekiah the son of Josiah reigned instead of Coniah the son of Jehoiakim , whom Nebuchadrezzar king of Babylon made king in the land of Judah .
It did not often happen ; for Mr . John Knightley had really a great regard for his father - in - law , and generally a strong sense of what was due to him ; but it was too often for Emma ' s charity , especially as there was all the pain of apprehension frequently to be endured , though the offence came not .
Can you be ?"
2 : 22 For what hath man of all his labour , and of the vexation of his heart , wherein he hath laboured under the sun ?
He must know that the Woodhouses had been settled for several generations at Hartfield , the younger branch of a very ancient family -- and that the Eltons were nobody .
At ten years old , she had the misfortune of being able to answer questions which puzzled her sister at seventeen .
" Nay , Elinor , this reproach from YOU -- you who have confidence in no one !"
for my soul is wearied because of murderers .
15 : 34 And he did evil in the sight of the LORD , and walked in the way of Jeroboam , and in his sin wherewith he made Israel to sin .
19 : 20 Hear counsel , and receive instruction , that thou mayest be wise in thy latter end .
7 : 8 Of the tribe of Zabulon were sealed twelve thousand .
22 : 12 And one Ananias , a devout man according to the law , having a good report of all the Jews which dwelt there , 22 : 13 Came unto me , and stood , and said unto me , Brother Saul , receive thy sight .
5 : 24 Now when the high priest and the captain of the temple and the chief priests heard these things , they doubted of them whereunto this would grow .
They are very fond of being at Hartfield , Harriet ."
6 : 18 And the sons of Kohath ; Amram , and Izhar , and Hebron , and Uzziel : and the years of the life of Kohath were an hundred thirty and three years .
15 : 12 And the vessel of earth , that he toucheth which hath the issue , shall be broken : and every vessel of wood shall be rinsed in water .
for it was borrowed .
17 : 45 Then said David to the Philistine , Thou comest to me with a sword , and with a spear , and with a shield : but I come to thee in the name of the LORD of hosts , the God of the armies of Israel , whom thou hast defied .
17 : 4 Concerning the works of men , by the word of thy lips I have kept me from the paths of the destroyer .
Marianne ' s ideas were still , at intervals , fixed incoherently on her mother , and whenever she mentioned her name , it gave a pang to the heart of poor Elinor , who , reproaching herself for having trifled with so many days of illness , and wretched for some immediate relief , fancied that all relief might soon be in vain , that every thing had been delayed too long , and pictured to herself her suffering mother arriving too late to see this darling child , or to see her rational .
And Aaron held his peace .
This was very kind of you to be persuaded to come .
24 : 41 Two women shall be grinding at the mill ; the one shall be taken , and the other left .
All that sounded extravagant or irrational in the progress of the reconciliation might have no origin but in the language of the relators .
8 : 33 And Ner begat Kish , and Kish begat Saul , and Saul begat Jonathan , and Malchishua , and Abinadab , and Eshbaal .
30 : 4 And she gave him Bilhah her handmaid to wife : and Jacob went in unto her .
3 : 8 The lion hath roared , who will not fear ?
23 : 17 Ye shall bring out of your habitations two wave loaves of two tenth deals ; they shall be of fine flour ; they shall be baken with leaven ; they are the firstfruits unto the LORD .
" I hope I shall soon have the pleasure of introducing my son to you ," said Mr . Weston .
She was quite determined not to utter a word that should hurt Jane Fairfax ' s feelings ; and they followed the other ladies out of the room , arm in arm , with an appearance of good - will highly becoming to the beauty and grace of each .
90 : 13 Return , O LORD , how long ?
" Colonel Brandon give ME a living !-- Can it be possible ?"
131 : 2 Surely I have behaved and quieted myself , as a child that is weaned of his mother : my soul is even as a weaned child .
10 : 31 These are the sons of Shem , after their families , after their tongues , in their lands , after their nations .
Do not forget your engagement ."
22 : 32 Neither shall ye profane my holy name ; but I will be hallowed among the children of Israel : I am the LORD which hallow you , 22 : 33 That brought you out of the land of Egypt , to be your God : I am the LORD .
6 : 25 And it shall be our righteousness , if we observe to do all these commandments before the LORD our God , as he hath commanded us .
3 : 9 And the weight of the nails was fifty shekels of gold .
The hair was curled , and the maid sent away , and Emma sat down to think and be miserable .-- It was a wretched business indeed !-- Such an overthrow of every thing she had been wishing for !-- Such a development of every thing most unwelcome !-- Such a blow for Harriet !-- that was the worst of all .
said Emma again .
Not regret her leaving Highbury for the sake of marrying a man whom I could never admit as an acquaintance of my own !
I shall now live solely for my family .
I am here till claimed by Colonel and Mrs .
And let him that is athirst come .
She had depended on a twilight walk to the Grecian temple , and perhaps all over the grounds , and an evening merely cold or damp would not have deterred her from it ; but a heavy and settled rain even SHE could not fancy dry or pleasant weather for walking .
9 : 17 And the porters were , Shallum , and Akkub , and Talmon , and Ahiman , and their brethren : Shallum was the chief ; 9 : 18 Who hitherto waited in the king ' s gate eastward : they were porters in the companies of the children of Levi .
I long to make apologies , excuses , to urge something for myself .
4 : 12 So then death worketh in us , but life in you .
18 : 17 And the LORD said unto me , They have well spoken that which they have spoken .
10 : 14 Behold , the heaven and the heaven of heavens is the LORD ' s thy God , the earth also , with all that therein is .
" I thought you meant to go with me .
He had not been at Donwell for two years .
8 : 4 And the ark rested in the seventh month , on the seventeenth day of the month , upon the mountains of Ararat .
1 : 9 Yet Michael the archangel , when contending with the devil he disputed about the body of Moses , durst not bring against him a railing accusation , but said , The Lord rebuke thee .
I never wish to offend , but I am so foolishly shy , that I often seem negligent , when I am only kept back by my natural awkwardness .
19 : 2 And his concubine played the whore against him , and went away from him unto her father ' s house to Bethlehemjudah , and was there four whole months .
37 : 27 And he made two rings of gold for it under the crown thereof , by the two corners of it , upon the two sides thereof , to be places for the staves to bear it withal .
22 : 1 Moreover the word of the LORD came unto me , saying , 22 : 2 Now , thou son of man , wilt thou judge , wilt thou judge the bloody city ?
The day of separation and departure arrived ; and Marianne , after taking so particular and lengthened a leave of Mrs . Jennings , one so earnestly grateful , so full of respect and kind wishes as seemed due to her own heart from a secret acknowledgment of past inattention , and bidding Colonel Brandon farewell with a cordiality of a friend , was carefully assisted by him into the carriage , of which he seemed anxious that she should engross at least half .
" Well , my dear , ' tis a true saying about an ill - wind , for it will be all the better for Colonel Brandon .
It is a reasonable and laudable pride which resists such malevolence ."
The little boy lost in the lonely fen , Led by the wandering light , Began to cry , but God , ever nigh , Appeared like his father , in white .
26 : 21 And the sons of Pharez were ; of Hezron , the family of the Hezronites : of Hamul , the family of the Hamulites .
Elizabeth arm in arm with Miss Carteret , and looking on the broad back of the dowager Viscountess Dalrymple before her , had nothing to wish for which did not seem within her reach ; and Anne -- but it would be an insult to the nature of Anne ' s felicity , to draw any comparison between it and her sister ' s ; the origin of one all selfish vanity , of the other all generous attachment .
13 : 4 Or those eighteen , upon whom the tower in Siloam fell , and slew them , think ye that they were sinners above all men that dwelt in Jerusalem ?
30 : 14 We made an invasion upon the south of the Cherethites , and upon the coast which belongeth to Judah , and upon the south of Caleb ; and we burned Ziklag with fire .
13 : 4 Charity suffereth long , and is kind ; charity envieth not ; charity vaunteth not itself , is not puffed up , 13 : 5 Doth not behave itself unseemly , seeketh not her own , is not easily provoked , thinketh no evil ; 13 : 6 Rejoiceth not in iniquity , but rejoiceth in the truth ; 13 : 7 Beareth all things , believeth all things , hopeth all things , endureth all things .
41 : 8 An evil disease , say they , cleaveth fast unto him : and now that he lieth he shall rise up no more .
The grounds of Hartfield were small , but neat and pretty ; and the house was modern and well - built .
But Gedaliah the son of Ahikam believed them not .
15 : 21 And I will deliver thee out of the hand of the wicked , and I will redeem thee out of the hand of the terrible .
I know what worthy people they are .
then may ye also do good , that are accustomed to do evil .
38 : 18 And he said , What pledge shall I give thee ?
11 : 14 I am not able to bear all this people alone , because it is too heavy for me .
4 : 40 And they found fat pasture and good , and the land was wide , and quiet , and peaceable ; for they of Ham had dwelt there of old .
The Coles were very respectable in their way , but they ought to be taught that it was not for them to arrange the terms on which the superior families would visit them .
9 : 37 And Gedor , and Ahio , and Zechariah , and Mikloth .
6 : 3 Giving no offence in any thing , that the ministry be not blamed : 6 : 4 But in all things approving ourselves as the ministers of God , in much patience , in afflictions , in necessities , in distresses , 6 : 5 In stripes , in imprisonments , in tumults , in labours , in watchings , in fastings ; 6 : 6 By pureness , by knowledge , by longsuffering , by kindness , by the Holy Ghost , by love unfeigned , 6 : 7 By the word of truth , by the power of God , by the armour of righteousness on the right hand and on the left , 6 : 8 By honour and dishonour , by evil report and good report : as deceivers , and yet true ; 6 : 9 As unknown , and yet well known ; as dying , and , behold , we live ; as chastened , and not killed ; 6 : 10 As sorrowful , yet alway rejoicing ; as poor , yet making many rich ; as having nothing , and yet possessing all things .
12 : 17 Is it not wheat harvest to day ?
9 : 9 Shall I not visit them for these things ?
That very dear part of Emma , her fancy , received an amusing supply .
15 : 37 And the LORD spake unto Moses , saying , 15 : 38 Speak unto the children of Israel , and bid them that they make them fringes in the borders of their garments throughout their generations , and that they put upon the fringe of the borders a ribband of blue : 15 : 39 And it shall be unto you for a fringe , that ye may look upon it , and remember all the commandments of the LORD , and do them ; and that ye seek not after your own heart and your own eyes , after which ye use to go a whoring : 15 : 40 That ye may remember , and do all my commandments , and be holy unto your God .
He was evidently a young man of considerable taste in reading , though principally in poetry ; and besides the persuasion of having given him at least an evening ' s indulgence in the discussion of subjects , which his usual companions had probably no concern in , she had the hope of being of real use to him in some suggestions as to the duty and benefit of struggling against affliction , which had naturally grown out of their conversation .
13 : 7 Render therefore to all their dues : tribute to whom tribute is due ; custom to whom custom ; fear to whom fear ; honour to whom honour .
" Poor soul !"
39 : 8 And the Chaldeans burned the king ' s house , and the houses of the people , with fire , and brake down the walls of Jerusalem .
12 : 8 And Ephraim said , Yet I am become rich , I have found me out substance : in all my labours they shall find none iniquity in me that were sin .
4 : 16 Wherefore I beseech you , be ye followers of me .
15 : 14 But the high places were not removed : nevertheless Asa ' s heart was perfect with the LORD all his days .
15 : 10 Now therefore why tempt ye God , to put a yoke upon the neck of the disciples , which neither our fathers nor we were able to bear ?
24 : 29 Immediately after the tribulation of those days shall the sun be darkened , and the moon shall not give her light , and the stars shall fall from heaven , and the powers of the heavens shall be shaken : 24 : 30 And then shall appear the sign of the Son of man in heaven : and then shall all the tribes of the earth mourn , and they shall see the Son of man coming in the clouds of heaven with power and great glory .
" If you mean Miss Fairfax and Frank Churchill , I have heard that already ."
34 : 13 And the sons of Jacob answered Shechem and Hamor his father deceitfully , and said , because he had defiled Dinah their sister : 34 : 14 And they said unto them , We cannot do this thing , to give our sister to one that is uncircumcised ; for that were a reproach unto us : 34 : 15 But in this will we consent unto you : If ye will be as we be , that every male of you be circumcised ; 34 : 16 Then will we give our daughters unto you , and we will take your daughters to us , and we will dwell with you , and we will become one people .
13 : 7 Have ye not seen a vain vision , and have ye not spoken a lying divination , whereas ye say , The LORD saith it ; albeit I have not spoken ?
15 : 22 He believeth not that he shall return out of darkness , and he is waited for of the sword .
" Never marry !-- This is a new resolution ."
" Brother and sister !
I had been unguarded .
" I will not trust to THAT ," retreating to her own room .
and wouldest thou take away my son ' s mandrakes also ?
Soon my Angel came again ; I was armed , he came in vain ; For the time of youth was fled , And grey hairs were on my head .
38 : 25 But if the princes hear that I have talked with thee , and they come unto thee , and say unto thee , Declare unto us now what thou hast said unto the king , hide it not from us , and we will not put thee to death ; also what the king said unto thee : 38 : 26 Then thou shalt say unto them , I presented my supplication before the king , that he would not cause me to return to Jonathan ' s house , to die there .
I happened to be at Lyme ."
And not only did it appear that he was expected , and speedily , but the Musgroves , in their warm gratitude for the kindness he had shewn poor Dick , and very high respect for his character , stamped as it was by poor Dick ' s having been six months under his care , and mentioning him in strong , though not perfectly well - spelt praise , as " a fine dashing felow , only two perticular about the schoolmaster ," were bent on introducing themselves , and seeking his acquaintance , as soon as they could hear of his arrival .
" Oh !
49 : 18 Lift up thine eyes round about , and behold : all these gather themselves together , and come to thee .
They were come to Bath for a few days with Mrs Musgrove , and were at the White Hart .
The gods of the earth and sea Sought through nature to find this tree , But their search was all in vain : There grows one in the human Brain .
2 : 12 Then sat Solomon upon the throne of David his father ; and his kingdom was established greatly .
14 : 25 A true witness delivereth souls : but a deceitful witness speaketh lies .
Then said Jeremiah unto him , The LORD hath not called thy name Pashur , but Magormissabib .
But perhaps you young ladies may not care about the beaux , and had as lief be without them as with them .
10 : 42 And all these kings and their land did Joshua take at one time , because the LORD God of Israel fought for Israel .
She was forced to acknowledge that she could do no good , yet was still unwilling to be away , till , touched by the thought of her father and mother , she gave it up ; she consented , she was anxious to be at home .
20 : 34 So Jesus had compassion on them , and touched their eyes : and immediately their eyes received sight , and they followed him .
" Here have I ," said she , " actually talked poor Harriet into being very much attached to this man .
2 : 1 And the LORD spake unto Moses and unto Aaron , saying , 2 : 2 Every man of the children of Israel shall pitch by his own standard , with the ensign of their father ' s house : far off about the tabernacle of the congregation shall they pitch .
We never see any thing of it on our club - nights ."
1 : 2 My brethren , count it all joy when ye fall into divers temptations ; 1 : 3 Knowing this , that the trying of your faith worketh patience .
2 : 3 I sought in mine heart to give myself unto wine , yet acquainting mine heart with wisdom ; and to lay hold on folly , till I might see what was that good for the sons of men , which they should do under the heaven all the days of their life .
It is too ridiculous !
119 : 103 How sweet are thy words unto my taste !
69 : 17 And hide not thy face from thy servant ; for I am in trouble : hear me speedily .
3 : 1 Woe to the bloody city !
" You would not be six hours later ," said Willoughby , " if you were to defer your journey till our return ."
It was as follows :
10 : 4 And when he looked on him , he was afraid , and said , What is it , Lord ?
10 : 26 And Saul also went home to Gibeah ; and there went with him a band of men , whose hearts God had touched .
It would be going only to multiply trouble to the others , and increase his own distress ; and a much better scheme followed and was acted upon .
7 : 15 And it is yet far more evident : for that after the similitude of Melchisedec there ariseth another priest , 7 : 16 Who is made , not after the law of a carnal commandment , but after the power of an endless life .
10 : 7 The memory of the just is blessed : but the name of the wicked shall rot .
` Lady Wentworth ' sounds very well .
3 : 8 And they heard the voice of the LORD God walking in the garden in the cool of the day : and Adam and his wife hid themselves from the presence of the LORD God amongst the trees of the garden .
" Now ,"-- said Emma , when they were fairly beyond the sweep gates ,-- " now Mr . Weston , do let me know what has happened ."
6 : 17 And these be the names of the sons of Gershom ; Libni , and Shimei .
5 : 9 I wrote unto you in an epistle not to company with fornicators : 5 : 10 Yet not altogether with the fornicators of this world , or with the covetous , or extortioners , or with idolaters ; for then must ye needs go out of the world .
33 : 31 Mark well , O Job , hearken unto me : hold thy peace , and I will speak .
12 : 40 Now the sojourning of the children of Israel , who dwelt in Egypt , was four hundred and thirty years .
29 : 36 And Hezekiah rejoiced , and all the people , that God had prepared the people : for the thing was done suddenly .
7 : 10 For he was yet in the loins of his father , when Melchisedec met him .
17 : 1 In the twelfth year of Ahaz king of Judah began Hoshea the son of Elah to reign in Samaria over Israel nine years .
" Not so , indeed ; for , seriously speaking , I am very sure that conscience only kept Edward from Harley Street .
16 : 15 Behold , I come as a thief .
51 : 15 But I am the LORD thy God , that divided the sea , whose waves roared : The LORD of hosts is his name .
She read what made her wretched .
5 : 9 Then went Haman forth that day joyful and with a glad heart : but when Haman saw Mordecai in the king ' s gate , that he stood not up , nor moved for him , he was full of indignation against Mordecai .
Do not be overpowered by such a little tribute of admiration .
7 : 18 Then went king David in , and sat before the LORD , and he said , Who am I , O Lord GOD ?
36 : 34 And Jobab died , and Husham of the land of Temani reigned in his stead .
" I cannot make a question , or listen to a question about that .
29 : 9 Then the people rejoiced , for that they offered willingly , because with perfect heart they offered willingly to the LORD : and David the king also rejoiced with great joy .
25 : 9 And it shall be said in that day , Lo , this is our God ; we have waited for him , and he will save us : this is the LORD ; we have waited for him , we will be glad and rejoice in his salvation .
I absolutely must go in by myself , though I hate being stuck up in the barouche - landau without a companion ; but Augusta , I believe , with her own good - will , would never stir beyond the park paling .'
26 : 7 The sons of Shemaiah ; Othni , and Rephael , and Obed , Elzabad , whose brethren were strong men , Elihu , and Semachiah .
5 : 16 And he withdrew himself into the wilderness , and prayed .
A note was just then brought in , and laid on the table ,
Yes , I see what she means , ( turning to Mr . Knightley ,) and I will try to hold my tongue .
11 : 45 Then answered one of the lawyers , and said unto him , Master , thus saying thou reproachest us also .
14 : 22 Are there any among the vanities of the Gentiles that can cause rain ?
Mrs . Weston -- it is too calm a censure .
6 : 11 Also I have made a decree , that whosoever shall alter this word , let timber be pulled down from his house , and being set up , let him be hanged thereon ; and let his house be made a dunghill for this .
22 : 22 Ye shall not afflict any widow , or fatherless child .
Did you ever see their equals ?
10 : 13 And they first took their journey according to the commandment of the LORD by the hand of Moses .
You will be delighted with them I am sure .
2 : 4 The bows of the mighty men are broken , and they that stumbled are girded with strength .
22 : 16 Which were cut down out of time , whose foundation was overflown with a flood : 22 : 17 Which said unto God , Depart from us : and what can the Almighty do for them ?
16 : 26 For he walked in all the way of Jeroboam the son of Nebat , and in his sin wherewith he made Israel to sin , to provoke the LORD God of Israel to anger with their vanities .
Mr Wentworth was the very man .
6 : 5 And I will lay the dead carcases of the children of Israel before their idols ; and I will scatter your bones round about your altars .
7 : 16 I have decked my bed with coverings of tapestry , with carved works , with fine linen of Egypt .
9 : 18 O my God , incline thine ear , and hear ; open thine eyes , and behold our desolations , and the city which is called by thy name : for we do not present our supplications before thee for our righteousnesses , but for thy great mercies .
1 : 24 And Nathan said , My lord , O king , hast thou said , Adonijah shall reign after me , and he shall sit upon my throne ?
There could be no doubt of his being a sensible man .
" Well ," said she , " and you soon silenced Mr . Cole , I suppose ?"
Mrs . Goddard ' s school was in high repute -- and very deservedly ; for Highbury was reckoned a particularly healthy spot : she had an ample house and garden , gave the children plenty of wholesome food , let them run about a great deal in the summer , and in winter dressed their chilblains with her own hands .
" Well , my dear , I must be gone before I have had half my talk out .
and wilt thou condemn him that is most just ?
Elinor ' s happiness was not so great .
And he went his way , and published throughout the whole city how great things Jesus had done unto him .
3 : 4 And the porch that was in the front of the house , the length of it was according to the breadth of the house , twenty cubits , and the height was an hundred and twenty : and he overlaid it within with pure gold .
6 : 53 Then Jesus said unto them , Verily , verily , I say unto you , Except ye eat the flesh of the Son of man , and drink his blood , ye have no life in you .
11 : 2 But the word of the LORD came to Shemaiah the man of God , saying , 11 : 3 Speak unto Rehoboam the son of Solomon , king of Judah , and to all Israel in Judah and Benjamin , saying , 11 : 4 Thus saith the LORD , Ye shall not go up , nor fight against your brethren : return every man to his house : for this thing is done of me .
The Proverbs
He seems perfectly unprepared for that ."
Behold , I was left alone ; these , where had they been ?
And he suffered them .
11 : 21 Therefore thus saith the LORD of the men of Anathoth , that seek thy life , saying , Prophesy not in the name of the LORD , that thou die not by our hand : 11 : 22 Therefore thus saith the LORD of hosts , Behold , I will punish them : the young men shall die by the sword ; their sons and their daughters shall die by famine : 11 : 23 And there shall be no remnant of them : for I will bring evil upon the men of Anathoth , even the year of their visitation .
After a few minutes of entire silence between them , John Knightley began with --
" You must feel it very fortunate that Miss Fairfax should be allowed to come to you at such a time .
22 : 25 And he said unto them , The kings of the Gentiles exercise lordship over them ; and they that exercise authority upon them are called benefactors .
how troublesome they are sometimes .
11 : 23 For it was the king ' s commandment concerning them , that a certain portion should be for the singers , due for every day .
12 : 23 And all the people were amazed , and said , Is not this the son of David ?
3 : 24 So he drove out the man ; and he placed at the east of the garden of Eden Cherubims , and a flaming sword which turned every way , to keep the way of the tree of life .
39 : 24 According to their uncleanness and according to their transgressions have I done unto them , and hid my face from them .
18 : 12 At the brightness that was before him his thick clouds passed , hail stones and coals of fire .
17 : 8 For , said Hushai , thou knowest thy father and his men , that they be mighty men , and they be chafed in their minds , as a bear robbed of her whelps in the field : and thy father is a man of war , and will not lodge with the people .
She sat by the drawing - room fire after tea , till the moment of Lady Middleton ' s arrival , without once stirring from her seat , or altering her attitude , lost in her own thoughts , and insensible of her sister ' s presence ; and when at last they were told that Lady Middleton waited for them at the door , she started as if she had forgotten that any one was expected .
11 : 17 That which I speak , I speak it not after the Lord , but as it were foolishly , in this confidence of boasting .
Mrs . Churchill , after being disliked at least twenty - five years , was now spoken of with compassionate allowances .
64 : 5 Thou meetest him that rejoiceth and worketh righteousness , those that remember thee in thy ways : behold , thou art wroth ; for we have sinned : in those is continuance , and we shall be saved .
7 : 1 Moreover the word of the LORD came unto me , saying , 7 : 2 Also , thou son of man , thus saith the Lord GOD unto the land of Israel ; An end , the end is come upon the four corners of the land .
And the king spake , and said to the wise men of Babylon , Whosoever shall read this writing , and shew me the interpretation thereof , shall be clothed with scarlet , and have a chain of gold about his neck , and shall be the third ruler in the kingdom .
While he staid , the Martins were forgotten ; and on the very morning of his setting off for Bath again , Emma , to dissipate some of the distress it occasioned , judged it best for her to return Elizabeth Martin ' s visit .
31 : 20 She stretcheth out her hand to the poor ; yea , she reacheth forth her hands to the needy .
It is a sort of pain , too , which is new to me .
3 : 13 The LORD standeth up to plead , and standeth to judge the people .
12 : 36 While ye have light , believe in the light , that ye may be the children of light .
27 : 16 Syria was thy merchant by reason of the multitude of the wares of thy making : they occupied in thy fairs with emeralds , purple , and broidered work , and fine linen , and coral , and agate .
18 : 12 Then the band and the captain and officers of the Jews took Jesus , and bound him , 18 : 13 And led him away to Annas first ; for he was father in law to Caiaphas , which was the high priest that same year .
2 : 44 The king said moreover to Shimei , Thou knowest all the wickedness which thine heart is privy to , that thou didst to David my father : therefore the LORD shall return thy wickedness upon thine own head ; 2 : 45 And king Solomon shall be blessed , and the throne of David shall be established before the LORD for ever .
Mrs . Bates , the widow of a former vicar of Highbury , was a very old lady , almost past every thing but tea and quadrille .
6 : 16 What ?
22 : 8 And many nations shall pass by this city , and they shall say every man to his neighbour , Wherefore hath the LORD done thus unto this great city ?
But I can ' t bear to see them dirty and nasty .
But you look grave , Marianne ; do you disapprove your sister ' s choice ?"
Vague wishes of getting Sarah thither , had occurred before to Mrs Musgrove and Henrietta ; but without Anne , it would hardly have been resolved on , and found practicable so soon .
And when Jesus beheld him , he said , Thou art Simon the son of Jona : thou shalt be called Cephas , which is by interpretation , A stone .
While he was so dull , it was no wonder that Harriet should be dull likewise ; and they were both insufferable .
He gave her a letter , it was from Frank , and to herself ; he had met with it in his way , and had taken the liberty of opening it .
He was dining with the Randalls family , and Jane , at the Eltons '; and he had seen a look , more than a single look , at Miss Fairfax , which , from the admirer of Miss Woodhouse , seemed somewhat out of place .
3 : 13 The valley gate repaired Hanun , and the inhabitants of Zanoah ; they built it , and set up the doors thereof , the locks thereof , and the bars thereof , and a thousand cubits on the wall unto the dung gate .
13 : 26 And then shall they see the Son of man coming in the clouds with great power and glory .
9 : 19 If I speak of strength , lo , he is strong : and if of judgment , who shall set me a time to plead ?
5 : 27 And when he hath made her to drink the water , then it shall come to pass , that , if she be defiled , and have done trespass against her husband , that the water that causeth the curse shall enter into her , and become bitter , and her belly shall swell , and her thigh shall rot : and the woman shall be a curse among her people .
14 : 18 All the kings of the nations , even all of them , lie in glory , every one in his own house .
how is it then that he saith , I came down from heaven ?
She felt that something must be the matter .
37 : 25 I have digged , and drunk water ; and with the sole of my feet have I dried up all the rivers of the besieged places .
who will hearken and hear for the time to come ?
2 : 7 Therefore now let your hands be strengthened , and be ye valiant : for your master Saul is dead , and also the house of Judah have anointed me king over them .
I need not tell you what is to be done .
Her father and Lady Dalrymple were speaking .
His father was rendered easy by such an assurance , and Mr . John Dashwood had then leisure to consider how much there might prudently be in his power to do for them .
27 : 43 He trusted in God ; let him deliver him now , if he will have him : for he said , I am the Son of God .
He had been at the pains of consulting Mr . Perry , the apothecary , on the subject .
2 : 3 Behold , I will corrupt your seed , and spread dung upon your faces , even the dung of your solemn feasts ; and one shall take you away with it .
for I have neither brought my sword nor my weapons with me , because the king ' s business required haste .
22 : 12 Only the LORD give thee wisdom and understanding , and give thee charge concerning Israel , that thou mayest keep the law of the LORD thy God .
Lady Russell was now perfectly decided in her opinion of Mr Elliot .
30 : 7 Alas !
" No , nothing at all ."
20 : 15 Cursed be the man who brought tidings to my father , saying , A man child is born unto thee ; making him very glad .
return into the city in peace , and your two sons with you , Ahimaaz thy son , and Jonathan the son of Abiathar .
Then if thou art the food of worms , O virgin of the skies , How great thy use , how great thy blessing , every thing that lives .
5 : 31 And his disciples said unto him , Thou seest the multitude thronging thee , and sayest thou , Who touched me ?
17 : 13 O LORD , the hope of Israel , all that forsake thee shall be ashamed , and they that depart from me shall be written in the earth , because they have forsaken the LORD , the fountain of living waters .
19 : 20 For thy servant doth know that I have sinned : therefore , behold , I am come the first this day of all the house of Joseph to go down to meet my lord the king .
Poverty certainly has not contracted her mind : I really believe , if she had only a shilling in the world , she would be very likely to give away sixpence of it ; and nobody is afraid of her : that is a great charm ."
of whom do the kings of the earth take custom or tribute ?
And his mother ' s name was Nehushta , the daughter of Elnathan of Jerusalem .
" How odd , indeed !"
32 : 9 After this did Sennacherib king of Assyria send his servants to Jerusalem , ( but he himself laid siege against Lachish , and all his power with him ,) unto Hezekiah king of Judah , and unto all Judah that were at Jerusalem , saying , 32 : 10 Thus saith Sennacherib king of Assyria , Whereon do ye trust , that ye abide in the siege in Jerusalem ?
18 : 34 Jesus answered him , Sayest thou this thing of thyself , or did others tell it thee of me ?
6 : 3 And I sent messengers unto them , saying , I am doing a great work , so that I cannot come down : why should the work cease , whilst I leave it , and come down to you ?
Amen .
26 : 22 Having therefore obtained help of God , I continue unto this day , witnessing both to small and great , saying none other things than those which the prophets and Moses did say should come : 26 : 23 That Christ should suffer , and that he should be the first that should rise from the dead , and should shew light unto the people , and to the Gentiles .
or wings and feathers unto the ostrich ?
I was really in pain for him ; for your hard - hearted sister , Miss Anne , seems bent on cruelty ."
34 : 15 There shall the great owl make her nest , and lay , and hatch , and gather under her shadow : there shall the vultures also be gathered , every one with her mate .
Let me hear any thing rather than what you are all thinking of .
116 : 17 I will offer to thee the sacrifice of thanksgiving , and will call upon the name of the LORD .
24 : 6 Wherefore thus saith the Lord GOD ; Woe to the bloody city , to the pot whose scum is therein , and whose scum is not gone out of it !
2 : 1 And it came to pass after this , that David enquired of the LORD , saying , Shall I go up into any of the cities of Judah ?
7 : 14 For it is evident that our Lord sprang out of Juda ; of which tribe Moses spake nothing concerning priesthood .
15 : 15 Then answered Peter and said unto him , Declare unto us this parable .
43 : 11 And when he cometh , he shall smite the land of Egypt , and deliver such as are for death to death ; and such as are for captivity to captivity ; and such as are for the sword to the sword .
13 : 12 And he exerciseth all the power of the first beast before him , and causeth the earth and them which dwell therein to worship the first beast , whose deadly wound was healed .
Mrs . Weston wants to see you .
` Sixty ,' said I , ` or perhaps sixty - two .'
9 : 12 Now therefore give not your daughters unto their sons , neither take their daughters unto your sons , nor seek their peace or their wealth for ever : that ye may be strong , and eat the good of the land , and leave it for an inheritance to your children for ever .
But tomorrow I think I shall certainly be able to call in Berkeley Street , and be introduced to your friend Mrs . Jennings .
" I insist on you hearing the whole of it ," he replied , " My fortune was never large , and I had always been expensive , always in the habit of associating with people of better income than myself .
33 : 31 And they come unto thee as the people cometh , and they sit before thee as my people , and they hear thy words , but they will not do them : for with their mouth they shew much love , but their heart goeth after their covetousness .
I was startled and shocked .
12 : 56 Ye hypocrites , ye can discern the face of the sky and of the earth ; but how is it that ye do not discern this time ?
how do you think I can live poking by myself , I who have been always used till this winter to have Charlotte with me .
78 : 37 For their heart was not right with him , neither were they stedfast in his covenant .
The weather was remarkably fine , and she readily consented .
18 : 11 Now I know that the LORD is greater than all gods : for in the thing wherein they dealt proudly he was above them .
13 : 5 And that prophet , or that dreamer of dreams , shall be put to death ; because he hath spoken to turn you away from the LORD your God , which brought you out of the land of Egypt , and redeemed you out of the house of bondage , to thrust thee out of the way which the LORD thy God commanded thee to walk in .
15 : 3 Now for a long season Israel hath been without the true God , and without a teaching priest , and without law .
Leave shame to her .
She will hardly be less hurt , I suppose , by Robert ' s marrying Lucy , than she would have been by your marrying her ."
You wrote me word of it three months ago ."
57 : 4 Against whom do ye sport yourselves ?
1 : 8 And Solomon said unto God , Thou hast shewed great mercy unto David my father , and hast made me to reign in his stead .
And Abishai said , I will go down with thee .
so can no fountain both yield salt water and fresh .
8 : 6 For to be carnally minded is death ; but to be spiritually minded is life and peace .
22 : 25 There is a conspiracy of her prophets in the midst thereof , like a roaring lion ravening the prey ; they have devoured souls ; they have taken the treasure and precious things ; they have made her many widows in the midst thereof .
17 : 15 But David went and returned from Saul to feed his father ' s sheep at Bethlehem .
and a strange punishment to the workers of iniquity ?
The difficulty was great of driving his strange insensibility towards Harriet , from her mind , while he not only sat at her elbow , but was continually obtruding his happy countenance on her notice , and solicitously addressing her upon every occasion .
After a few moments ' chat , John Dashwood , recollecting that Fanny was yet uninformed of her sister ' s being there , quitted the room in quest of her ; and Elinor was left to improve her acquaintance with Robert , who , by the gay unconcern , the happy self - complacency of his manner while enjoying so unfair a division of his mother ' s love and liberality , to the prejudice of his banished brother , earned only by his own dissipated course of life , and that brother ' s integrity , was confirming her most unfavourable opinion of his head and heart .
9 : 35 And they went to bury her : but they found no more of her than the skull , and the feet , and the palms of her hands .
She left her seat , she would go ; one half of her should not be always so much wiser than the other half , or always suspecting the other of being worse than it was .
2 : 18 Yea , a man may say , Thou hast faith , and I have works : shew me thy faith without thy works , and I will shew thee my faith by my works .
11 : 22 What ?
7 : 15 Butter and honey shall he eat , that he may know to refuse the evil , and choose the good .
4 : 2 The Lord GOD hath sworn by his holiness , that , lo , the days shall come upon you , that he will take you away with hooks , and your posterity with fishhooks .
6 : 8 And having food and raiment let us be therewith content .
22 : 26 But unto the damsel thou shalt do nothing ; there is in the damsel no sin worthy of death : for as when a man riseth against his neighbour , and slayeth him , even so is this matter : 22 : 27 For he found her in the field , and the betrothed damsel cried , and there was none to save her .
17 : 9 Behold , he is hid now in some pit , or in some other place : and it will come to pass , when some of them be overthrown at the first , that whosoever heareth it will say , There is a slaughter among the people that follow Absalom .
42 : 20 He measured it by the four sides : it had a wall round about , five hundred reeds long , and five hundred broad , to make a separation between the sanctuary and the profane place .
6 : 16 Moreover when ye fast , be not , as the hypocrites , of a sad countenance : for they disfigure their faces , that they may appear unto men to fast .
The preferment , which only two days before she had considered as hopeless for Edward , was already provided to enable him to marry ;-- and SHE , of all people in the world , was fixed on to bestow it !-- Her emotion was such as Mrs . Jennings had attributed to a very different cause ;-- but whatever minor feelings less pure , less pleasing , might have a share in that emotion , her esteem for the general benevolence , and her gratitude for the particular friendship , which together prompted Colonel Brandon to this act , were strongly felt , and warmly expressed .
19 : 24 I have digged and drunk strange waters , and with the sole of my feet have I dried up all the rivers of besieged places .
40 : 3 Now the LORD hath brought it , and done according as he hath said : because ye have sinned against the LORD , and have not obeyed his voice , therefore this thing is come upon you .
23 : 31 For if they do these things in a green tree , what shall be done in the dry ?
Mary had been hysterical again this morning .
1 : 7 Thus saith the LORD of hosts ; Consider your ways .
44 : 14 Thou makest us a byword among the heathen , a shaking of the head among the people .
16 : 11 God hath delivered me to the ungodly , and turned me over into the hands of the wicked .
14 : 2 And I heard a voice from heaven , as the voice of many waters , and as the voice of a great thunder : and I heard the voice of harpers harping with their harps : 14 : 3 And they sung as it were a new song before the throne , and before the four beasts , and the elders : and no man could learn that song but the hundred and forty and four thousand , which were redeemed from the earth .
29 : 6 Thou shalt be visited of the LORD of hosts with thunder , and with earthquake , and great noise , with storm and tempest , and the flame of devouring fire .
29 : 24 Whoso is partner with a thief hateth his own soul : he heareth cursing , and bewrayeth it not .
3 : 31 There came then his brethren and his mother , and , standing without , sent unto him , calling him .
3 : 22 After these things came Jesus and his disciples into the land of Judaea ; and there he tarried with them , and baptized .
cried he , catching the same tone ; " I honour you !"
18 : 23 And after he had spent some time there , he departed , and went over all the country of Galatia and Phrygia in order , strengthening all the disciples .
27 : 5 Open rebuke is better than secret love .
10 : 11 And he shall pass through the sea with affliction , and shall smite the waves in the sea , and all the deeps of the river shall dry up : and the pride of Assyria shall be brought down , and the sceptre of Egypt shall depart away .
About this time the two Miss Steeles , lately arrived at their cousin ' s house in Bartlett ' s Buildings , Holburn , presented themselves again before their more grand relations in Conduit and Berkeley Streets ; and were welcomed by them all with great cordiality .
44 : 27 And thy servant my father said unto us , Ye know that my wife bare me two sons : 44 : 28 And the one went out from me , and I said , Surely he is torn in pieces ; and I saw him not since : 44 : 29 And if ye take this also from me , and mischief befall him , ye shall bring down my gray hairs with sorrow to the grave .
11 : 8 I robbed other churches , taking wages of them , to do you service .
8 : 1 And all the people gathered themselves together as one man into the street that was before the water gate ; and they spake unto Ezra the scribe to bring the book of the law of Moses , which the LORD had commanded to Israel .
24 : 5 For we have found this man a pestilent fellow , and a mover of sedition among all the Jews throughout the world , and a ringleader of the sect of the Nazarenes : 24 : 6 Who also hath gone about to profane the temple : whom we took , and would have judged according to our law .
17 : 2 And he said unto his mother , The eleven hundred shekels of silver that were taken from thee , about which thou cursedst , and spakest of also in mine ears , behold , the silver is with me ; I took it .
2 : 12 Be astonished , O ye heavens , at this , and be horribly afraid , be ye very desolate , saith the LORD .
It was owing to _her_ persuasion , as she thought his being out in bad weather did him a great deal of harm .
The listener ' s proverbial fate was not absolutely hers ; she had heard no evil of herself , but she had heard a great deal of very painful import .
13 : 16 And the angel of the LORD said unto Manoah , Though thou detain me , I will not eat of thy bread : and if thou wilt offer a burnt offering , thou must offer it unto the LORD .
2 : 26 And ye shall eat in plenty , and be satisfied , and praise the name of the LORD your God , that hath dealt wondrously with you : and my people shall never be ashamed .
" Indeed !-- from Yorkshire , I think .
10 : 32 And it shall be , if thou go with us , yea , it shall be , that what goodness the LORD shall do unto us , the same will we do unto thee .
You will not like staying late .
33 : 21 And they removed from Libnah , and pitched at Rissah .
Shocked as Captain Harville was , he brought senses and nerves that could be instantly useful ; and a look between him and his wife decided what was to be done .
119 : 62 At midnight I will rise to give thanks unto thee because of thy righteous judgments .
He was reckoned very handsome ; his person much admired in general , though not by her , there being a want of elegance of feature which she could not dispense with :-- but the girl who could be gratified by a Robert Martin ' s riding about the country to get walnuts for her might very well be conquered by Mr . Elton ' s admiration .
" Let me entreat you ," cried Mr . Elton ; " it would indeed be a delight !
It ought to be a first object , as I am sure poor Miss Taylor ' s always was with me .
16 : 48 And he stood between the dead and the living ; and the plague was stayed .
One always knows beforehand what the dinner will be , and who will be there ; and it is so very uncomfortable not having a carriage of one ' s own .
42 : 26 And they laded their asses with the corn , and departed thence .
3 : 21 Unto Adam also and to his wife did the LORD God make coats of skins , and clothed them .
If she were to meet Miss Bates in her way !-- and upon its beginning to rain , Emma was obliged to expect that the weather would be detaining her at Mrs . Goddard ' s , and that the intelligence would undoubtedly rush upon her without preparation .
16 : 16 And of thy garments thou didst take , and deckedst thy high places with divers colours , and playedst the harlot thereupon : the like things shall not come , neither shall it be so .
And he said , Is it not good , if peace and truth be in my days ?
" I cannot suppose it possible that she should ."
18 : 42 Then did I beat them small as the dust before the wind : I did cast them out as the dirt in the streets .
said Mr . Weston , looking about .
17 : 11 And the beast that was , and is not , even he is the eighth , and is of the seven , and goeth into perdition .
2 : 8 Then said Boaz unto Ruth , Hearest thou not , my daughter ?
19 : 40 And he answered and said unto them , I tell you that , if these should hold their peace , the stones would immediately cry out .
who can forgive sins but God only ?
8 : 16 And in the fifth year of Joram the son of Ahab king of Israel , Jehoshaphat being then king of Judah , Jehoram the son of Je hoshaphat king of Judah began to reign .
14 : 11 Of all clean birds ye shall eat .
11 : 6 And they said unto them even as Jesus had commanded : and they let them go .
20 : 39 But the lad knew not any thing : only Jonathan and David knew the matter .
How it might be considered by the rest of the party , she could not tell .
" I dare say you are , and I am sure I do not at all wonder at it .
9 : 9 For we were bondmen ; yet our God hath not forsaken us in our bondage , but hath extended mercy unto us in the sight of the kings of Persia , to give us a reviving , to set up the house of our God , and to repair the desolations thereof , and to give us a wall in Judah and in Jerusalem .
What totally different feelings did Emma take back into the house from what she had brought out !-- she had then been only daring to hope for a little respite of suffering ;-- she was now in an exquisite flutter of happiness , and such happiness moreover as she believed must still be greater when the flutter should have passed away .
Allow me to congratulate you on having so respectable and well - judging a friend , and to join in his wish that the living -- it is about two hundred a - year -- were much more considerable , and such as might better enable you to -- as might be more than a temporary accommodation to yourself -- such , in short , as might establish all your views of happiness ."
" I did ."
" My dear ma ' am ," said Elinor , " what can you be thinking of ?-- Why , Colonel Brandon ' s only object is to be of use to Mr .
And they said , Is not this Joseph ' s son ?
this same Jesus , which is taken up from you into heaven , shall so come in like manner as ye have seen him go into heaven .
" Nothing at all .
26 : 28 Then Agrippa said unto Paul , Almost thou persuadest me to be a Christian .
Dear Miss Woodhouse , how could you so mistake me ?"
With a confidence in Mr Elliot ' s regard , more creditable to his feelings than his judgement , Mr Smith had appointed him the executor of his will ; but Mr Elliot would not act , and the difficulties and distress which this refusal had heaped on her , in addition to the inevitable sufferings of her situation , had been such as could not be related without anguish of spirit , or listened to without corresponding indignation .
" When the first of hers reached me ( as it immediately did , for I was in town the whole time ,) what I felt is -- in the common phrase , not to be expressed ; in a more simple one -- perhaps too simple to raise any emotion -- my feelings were very , very painful .-- Every line , every word was -- in the hackneyed metaphor which their dear writer , were she here , would forbid -- a dagger to my heart .
118 : 17 I shall not die , but live , and declare the works of the LORD .
For all this his anger is not turned away , but his hand is stretched out still .
7 : 25 The children of Gibeon , ninety and five .
I have been always telling you , my love , that I had no idea of the change being so very material to Hartfield as you apprehended ; and now you have Emma ' s account , I hope you will be satisfied ."
And the people were called together after Saul to Gilgal .
The sight of your dear sister , however , was really dreadful ; and , to heighten the matter , I found her alone .
144 : 3 LORD , what is man , that thou takest knowledge of him !
" They come on the Admiral ' s account .
7 : 16 But they that escape of them shall escape , and shall be on the mountains like doves of the valleys , all of them mourning , every one for his iniquity .
thou shalt see now whether my word shall come to pass unto thee or not .
35 : 13 And of these cities which ye shall give six cities shall ye have for refuge .
2 : 11 And as soon as we had heard these things , our hearts did melt , neither did there remain any more courage in any man , because of you : for the LORD your God , he is God in heaven above , and in earth beneath .
37 : 21 And Reuben heard it , and he delivered him out of their hands ; and said , Let us not kill him .
13 : 10 Only by pride cometh contention : but with the well advised is wisdom .
was Paul crucified for you ?
13 : 2 And though I have the gift of prophecy , and understand all mysteries , and all knowledge ; and though I have all faith , so that I could remove mountains , and have not charity , I am nothing .
29 : 29 And Zephaniah the priest read this letter in the ears of Jeremiah the prophet .
brought him yet stronger suspicion of there being a something of private liking , of private understanding even , between Frank Churchill and Jane .
Elinor began to find this impertinence too much for her temper ; but she was saved the trouble of checking it , by Lucy ' s sharp reprimand , which now , as on many occasions , though it did not give much sweetness to the manners of one sister , was of advantage in governing those of the other .
3 : 5 Then went out to him Jerusalem , and all Judaea , and all the region round about Jordan , 3 : 6 And were baptized of him in Jordan , confessing their sins .
106 : 18 And a fire was kindled in their company ; the flame burned up the wicked .
The room they were taken into was the one he chiefly occupied , and looking forwards ; behind it was another with which it immediately communicated ; the door between them was open , and Emma passed into it with the housekeeper to receive her assistance in the most comfortable manner .
6 : 14 They have healed also the hurt of the daughter of my people slightly , saying , Peace , peace ; when there is no peace .
I think he is just the person to do it , even without being in love ."
5 : 3 The LORD made not this covenant with our fathers , but with us , even us , who are all of us here alive this day .
" I must not dwell upon it ," said she .--" I must not think of it .
1 : 42 Of the children of Naphtali , throughout their generations , after their families , by the house of their fathers , according to the number of the names , from twenty years old and upward , all that were able to go forth to war ; 1 : 43 Those that were numbered of them , even of the tribe of Naphtali , were fifty and three thousand and four hundred .
29 : 5 Moreover the multitude of thy strangers shall be like small dust , and the multitude of the terrible ones shall be as chaff that passeth away : yea , it shall be at an instant suddenly .
" I leave an excellent substitute in my daughter .
24 : 6 And ye shall hear of wars and rumours of wars : see that ye be not troubled : for all these things must come to pass , but the end is not yet .
2 : 30 And the sons of Nadab ; Seled , and Appaim : but Seled died without children .
I shall certainly be at leisure ."
8 : 4 And they brought up the ark of the LORD , and the tabernacle of the congregation , and all the holy vessels that were in the tabernacle , even those did the priests and the Levites bring up .
8 : 23 And the rest of the acts of Joram , and all that he did , are they not written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Judah ?
He left her house yesterday , but where he is gone , or whether he is still in town , I do not know ; for WE of course can make no inquiry ."
She is staying here on a visit to her grandmama and aunt , very worthy people ; I have known them all my life .
143 : 10 Teach me to do thy will ; for thou art my God : thy spirit is good ; lead me into the land of uprightness .
No ; but he would put strength in me .
" Mamma , you are not doing me justice .
3 : 15 Whosoever hateth his brother is a murderer : and ye know that no murderer hath eternal life abiding in him .
4 : 4 Then the people of the land weakened the hands of the people of Judah , and troubled them in building , 4 : 5 And hired counsellors against them , to frustrate their purpose , all the days of Cyrus king of Persia , even until the reign of Darius king of Persia .
" Take it ," said Emma , smiling , and pushing the paper towards Harriet --" it is for you .
said he with a tender sigh , as he received it .
She had only to submit , sit down , be outwardly composed , and feel herself plunged at once in all the agitations which she had merely laid her account of tasting a little before the morning closed .
36 : 9 For with thee is the fountain of life : in thy light shall we see light .
But Emma , in her own mind , determined that he _did_ know what he was talking about , and that he shewed a very amiable inclination to settle early in life , and to marry , from worthy motives .
" What !
40 : 20 And the gate of the outward court that looked toward the north , he measured the length thereof , and the breadth thereof .
119 : 15 I will meditate in thy precepts , and have respect unto thy ways .
He might be superseded by another ; he certainly would indeed ; nothing could be clearer ; even a Robert Martin would have been sufficient ; but nothing else , she feared , would cure her .
20 : 43 And the king of Israel went to his house heavy and displeased , and came to Samaria .
I have taken some pains for your sake , and for Robert Martin ' s sake , ( whom I have always had reason to believe as much in love with her as ever ,) to get acquainted with her .
" I had no notion that he liked me so very much ," said Harriet , contemplating the letter .
20 : 23 ( And the children of Israel went up and wept before the LORD until even , and asked counsel of the LORD , saying , Shall I go up again to battle against the children of Benjamin my brother ?
25 : 18 And they dwelt from Havilah unto Shur , that is before Egypt , as thou goest toward Assyria : and he died in the presence of all his brethren .
8 : 8 And other fell on good ground , and sprang up , and bare fruit an hundredfold .
Some scruples and some reluctance the widower - father may be supposed to have felt ; but as they were overcome by other considerations , the child was given up to the care and the wealth of the Churchills , and he had only his own comfort to seek , and his own situation to improve as he could .
37 : 28 Then there passed by Midianites merchantmen ; and they drew and lifted up Joseph out of the pit , and sold Joseph to the Ishmeelites for twenty pieces of silver : and they brought Joseph into Egypt .
said she , in a low and disappointed voice , as she turned away to the window .
27 : 14 And he went , and fetched , and brought them to his mother : and his mother made savoury meat , such as his father loved .
7 : 2 Keep my commandments , and live ; and my law as the apple of thine eye .
30 : 16 And they stood in their place after their manner , according to the law of Moses the man of God : the priests sprinkled the blood , which they received of the hand of the Levites .
21 : 8 The way of man is froward and strange : but as for the pure , his work is right .
1 : 15 And Bathsheba went in unto the king into the chamber : and the king was very old ; and Abishag the Shunammite ministered unto the king .
42 : 13 He had also seven sons and three daughters .
19 : 22 Haste thee , escape thither ; for I cannot do anything till thou be come thither .
why yourselves , and the Careys , and Whitakers to be sure .-- What !
And he answered , I am .
Marianne here burst forth with indignation --
4 : 12 But they know not the thoughts of the LORD , neither understand they his counsel : for he shall gather them as the sheaves into the floor .
He seemed hardly to hear her ; he was thoughtful -- and in a manner which shewed him not pleased , soon afterwards said ,
--
" No , I have not ; I know nothing ; pray tell me ."
The backgammon - table was placed ; but a visitor immediately afterwards walked in and made it unnecessary .
8 : 5 And the angel took the censer , and filled it with fire of the altar , and cast it into the earth : and there were voices , and thunderings , and lightnings , and an earthquake .
44 : 30 And the first of all the firstfruits of all things , and every oblation of all , of every sort of your oblations , shall be the priest ' s : ye shall also give unto the priest the first of your dough , that he may cause the blessing to rest in thine house .
7 : 12 Therefore the children of Israel could not stand before their enemies , but turned their backs before their enemies , because they were accursed : neither will I be with you any more , except ye destroy the accursed from among you .
HE , meanwhile , whatever he might feel , acted with all the firmness of a collected mind , made every necessary arrangement with the utmost despatch , and calculated with exactness the time in which she might look for his return .
12 : 29 Are all apostles ?
She was nobody when he married her , barely the daughter of a gentleman ; but ever since her being turned into a Churchill she has out - Churchill ' d them all in high and mighty claims : but in herself , I assure you , she is an upstart ."
19 : 22 But when the young man heard that saying , he went away sorrowful : for he had great possessions .
when shall it once be ?
4 : 8 He therefore that despiseth , despiseth not man , but God , who hath also given unto us his holy Spirit .
17 : 11 And Moses did so : as the LORD commanded him , so did he .
22 : 3 And Abraham rose up early in the morning , and saddled his ass , and took two of his young men with him , and Isaac his son , and clave the wood for the burnt offering , and rose up , and went unto the place of which God had told him .
" The Crofts have arrived in Bath ?
In that ye say , The table of the LORD is contemptible .
I certainly have been misunderstanding you , if you feel in doubt as to the _purport_ of your answer .
But just got acquainted with Mrs . Weston , and others !-- I hate the recollection ."
73 : 8 They are corrupt , and speak wickedly concerning oppression : they speak loftily .
Till the little ones , weary , No more can be merry : The sun does descend , And our sports have an end .
She laughed because she was disappointed ; and though she liked him for his attentions , and thought them all , whether in friendship , admiration , or playfulness , extremely judicious , they were not winning back her heart .
13 : 12 And she answered him , Nay , my brother , do not force me ; for no such thing ought to be done in Israel : do not thou this folly .
And in short , he had looked and said everything with such exquisite grace , that they could assure them all , their heads were both turned by him ; and off they ran , quite as full of glee as of love , and apparently more full of Captain Wentworth than of little Charles .
11 : 16 But now they desire a better country , that is , an heavenly : wherefore God is not ashamed to be called their God : for he hath prepared for them a city .
It is not every body that would have stood out in such a kind way as she did , and refuse to take Jane ' s answer ; but she positively declared she would _not_ write any such denial yesterday , as Jane wished her ; she would wait -- and , sure enough , yesterday evening it was all settled that Jane should go .
139 : 6 Such knowledge is too wonderful for me ; it is high , I cannot attain unto it .
That is _court_ .
I only name possibilities .
60 : 4 Thou hast given a banner to them that fear thee , that it may be displayed because of the truth .
18 : 44 As soon as they hear of me , they shall obey me : the strangers shall submit themselves unto me .
35 : 15 As thou didst rejoice at the inheritance of the house of Israel , because it was desolate , so will I do unto thee : thou shalt be desolate , O mount Seir , and all Idumea , even all of it : and they shall know that I am the LORD .
6 : 40 Now , my God , let , I beseech thee , thine eyes be open , and let thine ears be attent unto the prayer that is made in this place .
33 : 3 Yea , he loved the people ; all his saints are in thy hand : and they sat down at thy feet ; every one shall receive of thy words .
16 : 15 And Saul ' s servants said unto him , Behold now , an evil spirit from God troubleth thee .
" Whoever might be her parents ," said Mr . Knightley , " whoever may have had the charge of her , it does not appear to have been any part of their plan to introduce her into what you would call good society .
" I wished very much to call upon you yesterday ," said he , " but it was impossible , for we were obliged to take Harry to see the wild beasts at Exeter Exchange ; and we spent the rest of the day with Mrs . Ferrars .
37 : 25 And he made the incense altar of shittim wood : the length of it was a cubit , and the breadth of it a cubit ; it was foursquare ; and two cubits was the height of it ; the horns thereof were of the same .
48 : 3 And Jacob said unto Joseph , God Almighty appeared unto me at Luz in the land of Canaan , and blessed me , 48 : 4 And said unto me , Behold , I will make thee fruitful , and multiply thee , and I will make of thee a multitude of people ; and will give this land to thy seed after thee for an everlasting possession .
" Oh !"
she looks very bad .-- No wonder .
26 : 62 And the high priest arose , and said unto him , Answerest thou nothing ?
One could not leave her out ."
60 : 19 The sun shall be no more thy light by day ; neither for brightness shall the moon give light unto thee : but the LORD shall be unto thee an everlasting light , and thy God thy glory .
12 : 15 Shall we give , or shall we not give ?
Marianne had already sent to say , that she should eat nothing more .
8 : 28 Yet have thou respect unto the prayer of thy servant , and to his supplication , O LORD my God , to hearken unto the cry and to the prayer , which thy servant prayeth before thee to day : 8 : 29 That thine eyes may be open toward this house night and day , even toward the place of which thou hast said , My name shall be there : that thou mayest hearken unto the prayer which thy servant shall make toward this place .
I tried -- but could not frame a sentence .
" Oh !
let me go over , I pray thee , and take off his head .
Moreover the man Moses was very great in the land of Egypt , in the sight of Pharaoh ' s servants , and in the sight of the people .
40 : 8 He measured also the porch of the gate within , one reed .
And the LORD said unto him , Wherewith ?
I will lay down my life for thy sake .
" I cannot imagine ," said Mrs . Elton , ( feeling the indignity as a wife ought to do ,) " I cannot imagine how he could do such a thing by you , of all people in the world !
Jane ' s solicitude about fetching her own letters had not escaped Emma .
Mr . Woodhouse was fond of society in his own way .
25 : 13 And the pillars of brass that were in the house of the LORD , and the bases , and the brasen sea that was in the house of the LORD , did the Chaldees break in pieces , and carried the brass of them to Babylon .
22 : 44 And being in an agony he prayed more earnestly : and his sweat was as it were great drops of blood falling down to the ground .
You cannot doubt your sister ' s wishes .
7 : 89 And when Moses was gone into the tabernacle of the congregation to speak with him , then he heard the voice of one speaking unto him from off the mercy seat that was upon the ark of testimony , from between the two cherubims : and he spake unto him .
30 : 12 Also in Judah the hand of God was to give them one heart to do the commandment of the king and of the princes , by the word of the LORD .
" And yet ," said Emma , beginning hastily and with an arch look , but soon stopping -- it was better , however , to know the worst at once -- she hurried on --" And yet , perhaps , you may hardly be aware yourself how highly it is .
25 : 8 Thus saith the Lord GOD ; Because that Moab and Seir do say , Behold , the house of Judah is like unto all the heathen ; 25 : 9 Therefore , behold , I will open the side of Moab from the cities , from his cities which are on his frontiers , the glory of the country , Bethjeshimoth , Baalmeon , and Kiriathaim , 25 : 10 Unto the men of the east with the Ammonites , and will give them in possession , that the Ammonites may not be remembered among the nations .
And he bowed himself with all his might ; and the house fell upon the lords , and upon all the people that were therein .
8 : 23 And when he was entered into a ship , his disciples followed him .
CHAPTER XIV
It used to stand here .
Come now therefore , and let us take counsel together .
40 : 7 And he asked Pharaoh ' s officers that were with him in the ward of his lord ' s house , saying , Wherefore look ye so sadly to day ?
15 : 39 And the contention was so sharp between them , that they departed asunder one from the other : and so Barnabas took Mark , and sailed unto Cyprus ; 15 : 40 And Paul chose Silas , and departed , being recommended by the brethren unto the grace of God .
He that loveth not his brother abideth in death .
and the son of man , that thou visitest him ?
The word _home_ made his father look on him with fresh complacency .
have not I the LORD ?
what is this that thou hast done unto us ?
He began speaking of Harriet , and speaking of her with more voluntary praise than Emma had ever heard before .
37 : 24 Of a talent of pure gold made he it , and all the vessels thereof .
25 : 37 Then shall the righteous answer him , saying , Lord , when saw we thee an hungred , and fed thee ?
1 : 3 It came also in the days of Jehoiakim the son of Josiah king of Judah , unto the end of the eleventh year of Zedekiah the son of Josiah king of Judah , unto the carrying away of Jerusalem captive in the fifth month .
There had been a time , when of all the large party now filling the drawing - room at Uppercross , they would have found it most difficult to cease to speak to one another .
32 : 1 Blessed is he whose transgression is forgiven , whose sin is covered .
20 : 32 And Jonathan answered Saul his father , and said unto him , Wherefore shall he be slain ?
She acknowledged it to be very fitting , that every little social commonwealth should dictate its own matters of discourse ; and hoped , ere long , to become a not unworthy member of the one she was now transplanted into .
Concession must be out of the question ; but it was time to appear to forget that they had ever quarrelled ; and she hoped it might rather assist the restoration of friendship , that when he came into the room she had one of the children with her -- the youngest , a nice little girl about eight months old , who was now making her first visit to Hartfield , and very happy to be danced about in her aunt ' s arms .
You told me to observe him carefully , and let his behaviour be the rule of mine -- and so I have .
" Is there a felicity in the world ," said Marianne , " superior to this ?-- Margaret , we will walk here at least two hours ."
The lady is the Hon .
It is not that I did not think of it , or desire it , as what could alone crown all my other success ; but I was proud , too proud to ask again .
6 : 5 When Jesus then lifted up his eyes , and saw a great company come unto him , he saith unto Philip , Whence shall we buy bread , that these may eat ?
9 : 1 Am I not an apostle ?
12 : 12 With the ancient is wisdom ; and in length of days understanding .
And they said , What is that to us ?
" It is a great pity that their circumstances should be so confined !
15 : 5 But Jesus yet answered nothing ; so that Pilate marvelled .
Be not deceived : neither fornicators , nor idolaters , nor adulterers , nor effeminate , nor abusers of themselves with mankind , 6 : 10 Nor thieves , nor covetous , nor drunkards , nor revilers , nor extortioners , shall inherit the kingdom of God .
66 : 7 Before she travailed , she brought forth ; before her pain came , she was delivered of a man child .
Emma doubted the truth of this sentiment .
15 : 18 Known unto God are all his works from the beginning of the world .
18 : 22 Let a cry be heard from their houses , when thou shalt bring a troop suddenly upon them : for they have digged a pit to take me , and hid snares for my feet .
29 : 35 And thus shalt thou do unto Aaron , and to his sons , according to all things which I have commanded thee : seven days shalt thou consecrate them .
I shall leave off while I am well ."
8 : 26 For Joshua drew not his hand back , wherewith he stretched out the spear , until he had utterly destroyed all the inhabitants of Ai .
24 : 30 And it came to pass , when he saw the earring and bracelets upon his sister ' s hands , and when he heard the words of Rebekah his sister , saying , Thus spake the man unto me ; that he came unto the man ; and , behold , he stood by the camels at the well .
38 : 8 After many days thou shalt be visited : in the latter years thou shalt come into the land that is brought back from the sword , and is gathered out of many people , against the mountains of Israel , which have been always waste : but it is brought forth out of the nations , and they shall dwell safely all of them .
28 : 9 He putteth forth his hand upon the rock ; he overturneth the mountains by the roots .
9 : 18 But he knoweth not that the dead are there ; and that her guests are in the depths of hell .
You will get very tired when tea is over ."
Thus saith the Lord GOD concerning Edom ; We have heard a rumour from the LORD , and an ambassador is sent among the heathen , Arise ye , and let us rise up against her in battle .
32 : 3 For Zedekiah king of Judah had shut him up , saying , Wherefore dost thou prophesy , and say , Thus saith the LORD , Behold , I will give this city into the hand of the king of Babylon , and he shall take it ; 32 : 4 And Zedekiah king of Judah shall not escape out of the hand of the Chaldeans , but shall surely be delivered into the hand of the king of Babylon , and shall speak with him mouth to mouth , and his eyes shall behold his eyes ; 32 : 5 And he shall lead Zedekiah to Babylon , and there shall he be until I visit him , saith the LORD : though ye fight with the Chaldeans , ye shall not prosper .
28 : 13 And the LORD shall make thee the head , and not the tail ; and thou shalt be above only , and thou shalt not be beneath ; if that thou hearken unto the commandments of the LORD thy God , which I command thee this day , to observe and to do them : 28 : 14 And thou shalt not go aside from any of the words which I command thee this day , to the right hand , or to the left , to go after other gods to serve them .
50 : 4 The Lord GOD hath given me the tongue of the learned , that I should know how to speak a word in season to him that is weary : he wakeneth morning by morning , he wakeneth mine ear to hear as the learned .
32 : 10 He found him in a desert land , and in the waste howling wilderness ; he led him about , he instructed him , he kept him as the apple of his eye .
89 : 31 If they break my statutes , and keep not my commandments ;
13 : 16 And it shall be for a token upon thine hand , and for frontlets between thine eyes : for by strength of hand the LORD brought us forth out of Egypt .
26 : 6 And I will give peace in the land , and ye shall lie down , and none shall make you afraid : and I will rid evil beasts out of the land , neither shall the sword go through your land .
" But if I do , I shall be crosser still .
Do not you think so ?"
Where Miss Taylor failed to stimulate , I may safely affirm that Harriet Smith will do nothing .-- You never could persuade her to read half so much as you wished .-- You know you could not ."
Bless ye the LORD .
This is the portion of them that spoil us , and the lot of them that rob us .
I think their father is too rough with them very often ."
7 : 5 And behold another beast , a second , like to a bear , and it raised up itself on one side , and it had three ribs in the mouth of it between the teeth of it : and they said thus unto it , Arise , devour much flesh .
106 : 6 We have sinned with our fathers , we have committed iniquity , we have done wickedly .
22 : 7 And Isaac spake unto Abraham his father , and said , My father : and he said , Here am I , my son .
" Oh !
37 : 9 For evildoers shall be cut off : but those that wait upon the LORD , they shall inherit the earth .
She had received ideas which disposed her to be courteous and kind to all , and to pity every one , as being less happy than herself .
Let every body on the Hill hear me if they can .
3 : 19 The small and great are there ; and the servant is free from his master .
" And now we shall just miss them ; too provoking !-- I do not know when I have been so disappointed ."
22 : 31 Therefore have I poured out mine indignation upon them ; I have consumed them with the fire of my wrath : their own way have I recompensed upon their heads , saith the Lord GOD .
20 : 10 Wherefore I caused them to go forth out of the land of Egypt , and brought them into the wilderness .
Their subjects in general were such as belong to an opening acquaintance .
We should all have liked her a great deal better ; and papa and mamma always think it was her great friend Lady Russell ' s doing , that she did not .
7 : 23 But the LORD thy God shall deliver them unto thee , and shall destroy them with a mighty destruction , until they be destroyed .
And they despised him , and brought no presents .
13 : 7 And some fell among thorns ; and the thorns sprung up , and choked them : 13 : 8 But other fell into good ground , and brought forth fruit , some an hundredfold , some sixtyfold , some thirtyfold .
So that , in fact , you see , if people do but know how to set about it , every comfort may be as well enjoyed in a cottage as in the most spacious dwelling ."
2 : 24 Nay , my sons ; for it is no good report that I hear : ye make the LORD ' s people to transgress .
43 : 25 And they made ready the present against Joseph came at noon : for they heard that they should eat bread there .
10 : 21 Ye cannot drink the cup of the Lord , and the cup of devils : ye cannot be partakers of the Lord ' s table , and of the table of devils .
39 : 9 It was foursquare ; they made the breastplate double : a span was the length thereof , and a span the breadth thereof , being doubled .
38 : 9 And Onan knew that the seed should not be his ; and it came to pass , when he went in unto his brother ' s wife , that he spilled it on the ground , lest that he should give seed to his brother .
Mrs . Perry had told somebody , and was extremely happy about it .
18 : 20 A man ' s belly shall be satisfied with the fruit of his mouth ; and with the increase of his lips shall he be filled .
The real state of things between Willoughby and her sister was so little known to herself , that in endeavouring to explain it , she might be as liable to say too much as too little .
CHAPTER VI
But now I can carry her a most satisfactory account of both ."
They seemed more like cheerful , easy friends , than lovers .
From this moment her mind was never quiet ; the expectation of seeing him every hour of the day , made her unfit for any thing .
19 : 11 Jesus answered , Thou couldest have no power at all against me , except it were given thee from above : therefore he that delivered me unto thee hath the greater sin .
42 : 3 And Joseph ' s ten brethren went down to buy corn in Egypt .
And he said , Go again seven times .
7 : 66 The whole congregation together was forty and two thousand three hundred and threescore , 7 : 67 Beside their manservants and their maidservants , of whom there were seven thousand three hundred thirty and seven : and they had two hundred forty and five singing men and singing women .
7 : 17 If thou shalt say in thine heart , These nations are more than I ; how can I dispossess them ?
9 : 10 And they kept that saying with themselves , questioning one with another what the rising from the dead should mean .
She then began to speak of you , and of the great kindness you had shewn her during her illness ; and with a blush which shewed me how it was all connected , desired me , whenever I had an opportunity , to thank you -- I could not thank you too much -- for every wish and every endeavour to do her good .
14 : 7 Nevertheless these ye shall not eat of them that chew the cud , or of them that divide the cloven hoof ; as the camel , and the hare , and the coney : for they chew the cud , but divide not the hoof ; therefore they are unclean unto you .
Happily for her , they were not many .
Such personal praise might have struck her , especially as it did not appear to Anne that the freckles were at all lessened .
In a week or two , I suppose , we shall be going ; and , I trust , Edward will not be very unwilling to accept the charge ."
40 : 21 He lieth under the shady trees , in the covert of the reed , and fens .
19 : 1 And it came to pass , that when Jesus had finished these sayings , he departed from Galilee , and came into the coasts of Judaea beyond Jordan ; 19 : 2 And great multitudes followed him ; and he healed them there .
13 : 19 When any one heareth the word of the kingdom , and understandeth it not , then cometh the wicked one , and catcheth away that which was sown in his heart .
3 : 7 Behold , I will raise them out of the place whither ye have sold them , and will return your recompence upon your own head : 3 : 8 And I will sell your sons and your daughters into the hand of the children of Judah , and they shall sell them to the Sabeans , to a people far off : for the LORD hath spoken it .
Charles agreed , but declared his resolution of not going away .
3 : 4 Though I might also have confidence in the flesh .
9 : 7 And the men of Israel said unto the Hivites , Peradventure ye dwell among us ; and how shall we make a league with you ?
" How d ' ye do ?-- how d ' ye do ?-- Very well , I thank you .
45 : 18 For thus saith the LORD that created the heavens ; God himself that formed the earth and made it ; he hath established it , he created it not in vain , he formed it to be inhabited : I am the LORD ; and there is none else .
Selah .
24 : 27 For as the lightning cometh out of the east , and shineth even unto the west ; so shall also the coming of the Son of man be .
They were all disengaged and all happy .-- The preparatory interest of this dinner , however , was not yet over .
Such expressions , assisted as they were by every thing that look and manner could do , made Emma feel that she had never loved Harriet so well , nor valued her affection so highly before .
122 : 7 Peace be within thy walls , and prosperity within thy palaces .
59 : 10 We grope for the wall like the blind , and we grope as if we had no eyes : we stumble at noon day as in the night ; we are in desolate places as dead men .
24 : 15 And he took up his parable , and said , Balaam the son of Beor hath said , and the man whose eyes are open hath said : 24 : 16 He hath said , which heard the words of God , and knew the knowledge of the most High , which saw the vision of the Almighty , falling into a trance , but having his eyes open : 24 : 17 I shall see him , but not now : I shall behold him , but not nigh : there shall come a Star out of Jacob , and a Sceptre shall rise out of Israel , and shall smite the corners of Moab , and destroy all the children of Sheth .
11 : 1 And the LORD spake unto Moses and to Aaron , saying unto them , 11 : 2 Speak unto the children of Israel , saying , These are the beasts which ye shall eat among all the beasts that are on the earth .
2 : 21 If a man therefore purge himself from these , he shall be a vessel unto honour , sanctified , and meet for the master ' s use , and prepared unto every good work .
8 : 17 It is also written in your law , that the testimony of two men is true .
13 : 37 And what I say unto you I say unto all , Watch .
He started .
11 : 8 I say unto you , Though he will not rise and give him , because he is his friend , yet because of his importunity he will rise and give him as many as he needeth .
39 : 23 And there was an hole in the midst of the robe , as the hole of an habergeon , with a band round about the hole , that it should not rend .
136 : 15 But overthrew Pharaoh and his host in the Red sea : for his mercy endureth for ever .
To the chief singer on my stringed instruments .
Well , I shall spirit up the Colonel as soon as I can .
I should not mind walking half the way .
1 : 6 Be strong and of a good courage : for unto this people shalt thou divide for an inheritance the land , which I sware unto their fathers to give them .
27 : 35 And he said , Thy brother came with subtilty , and hath taken away thy blessing .
CHAPTER XVI
" Have you an agreeable neighbourhood here ?
We have had great trials , and great persecutions , but however , at the same time , gratefully acknowledge many friends , yourself not the least among them , whose great kindness I shall always thankfully remember , as will Edward too , who I have told of it .
72 : 13 He shall spare the poor and needy , and shall save the souls of the needy .
31 : 31 And Moses and Eleazar the priest did as the LORD commanded Moses .
7 : 10 My defence is of God , which saveth the upright in heart .
He walked off in more complete self - approbation than he left for her .
24 : 14 And he said unto the elders , Tarry ye here for us , until we come again unto you : and , behold , Aaron and Hur are with you : if any man have any matters to do , let him come unto them .
2 : 11 For what man knoweth the things of a man , save the spirit of man which is in him ?
And I was strengthened as the hand of the LORD my God was upon me , and I gathered together out of Israel chief men to go up with me .
9 : 22 And king Solomon passed all the kings of the earth in riches and wisdom .
3 : 5 So the people of Nineveh believed God , and proclaimed a fast , and put on sackcloth , from the greatest of them even to the least of them .
26 : 13 And under their hand was an army , three hundred thousand and seven thousand and five hundred , that made war with mighty power , to help the king against the enemy .
15 : 8 In the thirty and eighth year of Azariah king of Judah did Zachariah the son of Jeroboam reign over Israel in Samaria six months .
Mr . Willoughby is unfathomable !
6 : 3 For now it would be heavier than the sand of the sea : therefore my words are swallowed up .
Recollecting , soon afterwards , that he was probably dividing Elinor from her sister , he put an end to his visit , receiving from her again the same grateful acknowledgments , and leaving her full of compassion and esteem for him .
10 : 18 Then the glory of the LORD departed from off the threshold of the house , and stood over the cherubims .
" But your father is not going so far ; he is only going to the Crown , quite on the other side of the street , and there are a great many houses ; you might be very much at a loss , and it is a very dirty walk , unless you keep on the footpath ; but my coachman can tell you where you had best cross the street ."
It would be dreadful to be standing so close !
21 : 7 For the king trusteth in the LORD , and through the mercy of the most High he shall not be moved .
42 : 10 Sing unto the LORD a new song , and his praise from the end of the earth , ye that go down to the sea , and all that is therein ; the isles , and the inhabitants thereof .
23 : 33 And Pharaohnechoh put him in bands at Riblah in the land of Hamath , that he might not reign in Jerusalem ; and put the land to a tribute of an hundred talents of silver , and a talent of gold .
8 : 23 So we fasted and besought our God for this : and he was intreated of us .
21 : 3 Simon Peter saith unto them , I go a fishing .
It is not good to have respect of persons in judgment .
18 : 28 Because he considereth , and turneth away from all his transgressions that he hath committed , he shall surely live , he shall not die .
3 : 9 Nicodemus answered and said unto him , How can these things be ?
The idea of becoming what her mother had been ; of having the precious name of " Lady Elliot " first revived in herself ; of being restored to Kellynch , calling it her home again , her home for ever , was a charm which she could not immediately resist .
Will it make you happy ?
4 : 25 I beheld , and , lo , there was no man , and all the birds of the heavens were fled .
59 : 8 But thou , O LORD , shalt laugh at them ; thou shalt have all the heathen in derision .
15 : 9 And he did that which was evil in the sight of the LORD , as his fathers had done : he departed not from the sins of Jeroboam the son of Nebat , who made Israel to sin .
He shortly afterwards drew a chair close to her ' s , and , with a look which perfectly assured her of his good information , inquired after her sister .
Thy wisdom and thy knowledge , it hath perverted thee ; and thou hast said in thine heart , I am , and none else beside me .
4 : 42 And those that were numbered of the families of the sons of Merari , throughout their families , by the house of their fathers , 4 : 43 From thirty years old and upward even unto fifty years old , every one that entereth into the service , for the work in the tabernacle of the congregation , 4 : 44 Even those that were numbered of them after their families , were three thousand and two hundred .
It really was so .
Weston , tell me at once .-- Something has happened in Brunswick Square .
32 : 24 And Jacob was left alone ; and there wrestled a man with him until the breaking of the day .
" Upon my word , Emma ."
2 : 6 Thus saith the LORD ; For three transgressions of Israel , and for four , I will not turn away the punishment thereof ; because they sold the righteous for silver , and the poor for a pair of shoes ; 2 : 7 That pant after the dust of the earth on the head of the poor , and turn aside the way of the meek : and a man and his father will go in unto the same maid , to profane my holy name : 2 : 8 And they lay themselves down upon clothes laid to pledge by every altar , and they drink the wine of the condemned in the house of their god .
The absolute necessity of seeming like herself produced then an immediate struggle ; but after a while she could do no more .
6 : 2 Have mercy upon me , O LORD ; for I am weak : O LORD , heal me ; for my bones are vexed .
19 : 31 And the firstborn said unto the younger , Our father is old , and there is not a man in the earth to come in unto us after the manner of all the earth : 19 : 32 Come , let us make our father drink wine , and we will lie with him , that we may preserve seed of our father .
18 : 7 The steps of his strength shall be straitened , and his own counsel shall cast him down .
My mother groaned , my father wept : Into the dangerous world I leapt , Helpless , naked , piping loud , Like a fiend hid in a cloud .
26 : 19 For thus saith the Lord GOD ; When I shall make thee a desolate city , like the cities that are not inhabited ; when I shall bring up the deep upon thee , and great waters shall cover thee ; 26 : 20 When I shall bring thee down with them that descend into the pit , with the people of old time , and shall set thee in the low parts of the earth , in places desolate of old , with them that go down to the pit , that thou be not inhabited ; and I shall set glory in the land of the living ; 26 : 21 I will make thee a terror , and thou shalt be no more : though thou be sought for , yet shalt thou never be found again , saith the Lord GOD .
We had not been six hours in the Sound , when a gale came on , which lasted four days and nights , and which would have done for poor old Asp in half the time ; our touch with the Great Nation not having much improved our condition .
26 : 30 These are the sons of Gilead : of Jeezer , the family of the Jeezerites : of Helek , the family of the Helekites : 26 : 31 And of Asriel , the family of the Asrielites : and of Shechem , the family of the Shechemites : 26 : 32 And of Shemida , the family of the Shemidaites : and of Hepher , the family of the Hepherites .
Therefore it became a proverb , Is Saul also among the prophets ?
" Miss Elliot ," said he , speaking rather low , " you have done a good deed in making that poor fellow talk so much .
20 : 20 And if a man shall lie with his uncle ' s wife , he hath uncovered his uncle ' s nakedness : they shall bear their sin ; they shall die childless .
7 : 29 But this I say , brethren , the time is short : it remaineth , that both they that have wives be as though they had none ; 7 : 30 And they that weep , as though they wept not ; and they that rejoice , as though they rejoiced not ; and they that buy , as though they possessed not ; 7 : 31 And they that use this world , as not abusing it : for the fashion of this world passeth away .
120 : 2 Deliver my soul , O LORD , from lying lips , and from a deceitful tongue .
21 : 5 And Abraham was an hundred years old , when his son Isaac was born unto him .
50 : 2 Declare ye among the nations , and publish , and set up a standard ; publish , and conceal not : say , Babylon is taken , Bel is confounded , Merodach is broken in pieces ; her idols are confounded , her images are broken in pieces .
It was very wrong of me , you know , to keep any remembrances , after he was married .
" Excuse me ," said she ; " and be assured that I meant no offence to you , by speaking , in so quiet a way , of my own feelings .
He had very good spirits , which never seemed much affected by his wife ' s occasional lowness , bore with her unreasonableness sometimes to Anne ' s admiration , and upon the whole , though there was very often a little disagreement ( in which she had sometimes more share than she wished , being appealed to by both parties ), they might pass for a happy couple .
Good - by ; I am sorry Miss Marianne was not here .
24 : 9 And Joab gave up the sum of the number of the people unto the king : and there were in Israel eight hundred thousand valiant men that drew the sword ; and the men of Judah were five hundred thousand men .
7 : 5 For if ye throughly amend your ways and your doings ; if ye throughly execute judgment between a man and his neighbour ; 7 : 6 If ye oppress not the stranger , the fatherless , and the widow , and shed not innocent blood in this place , neither walk after other gods to your hurt : 7 : 7 Then will I cause you to dwell in this place , in the land that I gave to your fathers , for ever and ever .
Elton was sitting here , I remember , much about where I am now ."
4 : 12 And Eshton begat Bethrapha , and Paseah , and Tehinnah the father of Irnahash .
I can think of but one thing -- Who is in love with her ?
3 : 1 Now in the fifteenth year of the reign of Tiberius Caesar , Pontius Pilate being governor of Judaea , and Herod being tetrarch of Galilee , and his brother Philip tetrarch of Ituraea and of the region of Trachonitis , and Lysanias the tetrarch of Abilene , 3 : 2 Annas and Caiaphas being the high priests , the word of God came unto John the son of Zacharias in the wilderness .
Brandon will be jealous , if she does not take care ."
But yet -- he is not the kind of young man -- there is something wanting -- his figure is not striking ; it has none of that grace which I should expect in the man who could seriously attach my sister .
38 : 20 But Jeremiah said , They shall not deliver thee .
4 : 5 And she dwelt under the palm tree of Deborah between Ramah and Bethel in mount Ephraim : and the children of Israel came up to her for judgment .
71 : 2 Deliver me in thy righteousness , and cause me to escape : incline thine ear unto me , and save me .
5 : 19 It is a trespass offering : he hath certainly trespassed against the LORD .
8 : 8 So they did eat , and were filled : and they took up of the broken meat that was left seven baskets .
" And how could _she_ bear such behaviour !
22 : 41 And he was withdrawn from them about a stone ' s cast , and kneeled down , and prayed , 22 : 42 Saying , Father , if thou be willing , remove this cup from me : nevertheless not my will , but thine , be done .
He was confused , seemed scarcely sensible of pleasure in seeing them , looked neither rapturous nor gay , said little but what was forced from him by questions , and distinguished Elinor by no mark of affection .
6 : 15 What then ?
You must not run away from us now .
Don ' t scruple .
2 : 16 So Esther was taken unto king Ahasuerus into his house royal in the tenth month , which is the month Tebeth , in the seventh year of his reign .
And he judged Israel seven years .
2 : 18 What profiteth the graven image that the maker thereof hath graven it ; the molten image , and a teacher of lies , that the maker of his work trusteth therein , to make dumb idols ?
She is only nursing Mrs Wallis of Marlborough Buildings ; a mere pretty , silly , expensive , fashionable woman , I believe ; and of course will have nothing to report but of lace and finery .
32 : 27 And Hezekiah had exceeding much riches and honour : and he made himself treasuries for silver , and for gold , and for precious stones , and for spices , and for shields , and for all manner of pleasant jewels ; 32 : 28 Storehouses also for the increase of corn , and wine , and oil ; and stalls for all manner of beasts , and cotes for flocks .
15 : 7 So Azariah slept with his fathers ; and they buried him with his fathers in the city of David : and Jotham his son reigned in his stead .
22 : 31 And ye shall be holy men unto me : neither shall ye eat any flesh that is torn of beasts in the field ; ye shall cast it to the dogs .
24 : 23 And Moses spake to the children of Israel , that they should bring forth him that had cursed out of the camp , and stone him with stones .
46 : 29 And Joseph made ready his chariot , and went up to meet Israel his father , to Goshen , and presented himself unto him ; and he fell on his neck , and wept on his neck a good while .
8 : 4 Thus saith the LORD of hosts ; There shall yet old men and old women dwell in the streets of Jerusalem , and every man with his staff in his hand for very age .
And when Peter was come down out of the ship , he walked on the water , to go to Jesus .
Blessed are all they that put their trust in him .
33 : 5 And he built altars for all the host of heaven in the two courts of the house of the LORD .
From a reverie of this kind , as she sat at her drawing - table , she was roused one morning , soon after Edward ' s leaving them , by the arrival of company .
17 : 32 Remember Lot ' s wife .
11 : 46 And he said , Woe unto you also , ye lawyers !
78 : 30 They were not estranged from their lust .
The world had made him extravagant and vain -- Extravagance and vanity had made him cold - hearted and selfish .
8 : 7 Because the carnal mind is enmity against God : for it is not subject to the law of God , neither indeed can be .
8 : 18 And he walked in the way of the kings of Israel , as did the house of Ahab : for the daughter of Ahab was his wife : and he did evil in the sight of the LORD .
7 : 5 Then said I , O Lord GOD , cease , I beseech thee : by whom shall Jacob arise ?
28 : 28 When the wicked rise , men hide themselves : but when they perish , the righteous increase .
25 : 25 But it came to pass in the seventh month , that Ishmael the son of Nethaniah , the son of Elishama , of the seed royal , came , and ten men with him , and smote Gedaliah , that he died , and the Jews and the Chaldees that were with him at Mizpah .
27 : 8 Hollow with boards shalt thou make it : as it was shewed thee in the mount , so shall they make it .
6 : 37 In the fourth year was the foundation of the house of the LORD laid , in the month Zif : 6 : 38 And in the eleventh year , in the month Bul , which is the eighth month , was the house finished throughout all the parts thereof , and according to all the fashion of it .
2 : 25 And they were both naked , the man and his wife , and were not ashamed .
" From the very circumstance of its being larger , sir .
" Never !
This is the commandment , That , as ye have heard from the beginning , ye should walk in it .
6 : 34 And the two doors were of fir tree : the two leaves of the one door were folding , and the two leaves of the other door were folding .
43 : 16 Thus saith the LORD , which maketh a way in the sea , and a path in the mighty waters ; 43 : 17 Which bringeth forth the chariot and horse , the army and the power ; they shall lie down together , they shall not rise : they are extinct , they are quenched as tow .
Nonsense !
18 : 21 Now , behold , thou trustest upon the staff of this bruised reed , even upon Egypt , on which if a man lean , it will go into his hand , and pierce it : so is Pharaoh king of Egypt unto all that trust on him .
15 : 32 It was meet that we should make merry , and be glad : for this thy brother was dead , and is alive again ; and was lost , and is found .
3 : 1 For , behold , the Lord , the LORD of hosts , doth take away from Jerusalem and from Judah the stay and the staff , the whole stay of bread , and the whole stay of water .
4 : 38 And those that were numbered of the sons of Gershon , throughout their families , and by the house of their fathers , 4 : 39 From thirty years old and upward even unto fifty years old , every one that entereth into the service , for the work in the tabernacle of the congregation , 4 : 40 Even those that were numbered of them , throughout their families , by the house of their fathers , were two thousand and six hundred and thirty .
" Nothing can be going on better than the child ," said he ; " so I told my father , just now , that I would come , and he thought me quite right .
He had not been known to them as a boy ; but soon after Lady Elliot ' s death , Sir Walter had sought the acquaintance , and though his overtures had not been met with any warmth , he had persevered in seeking it , making allowance for the modest drawing - back of youth ; and , in one of their spring excursions to London , when Elizabeth was in her first bloom , Mr Elliot had been forced into the introduction .
4 : 8 For bodily exercise profiteth little : but godliness is profitable unto all things , having promise of the life that now is , and of that which is to come .
A conundrum of Mr . Weston ' s shall clear him and his next neighbour .
You have made yourself too clear .
14 : 45 And as soon as he was come , he goeth straightway to him , and saith , Master , master ; and kissed him .
28 : 7 In the same quarters were possessions of the chief man of the island , whose name was Publius ; who received us , and lodged us three days courteously .
" The navy , I think , who have done so much for us , have at least an equal claim with any other set of men , for all the comforts and all the privileges which any home can give .
But , upon my word , I am scarcely sensible of his attentions being beyond those of other men ."
CHAPTER 11
By remaining in the neighbourhood , I am become inured to it ."
23 : 23 He was more honourable than the thirty , but he attained not to the first three .
Luckily Lady Middleton ' s mother had arrived at Barton within the last hour , and as she was a very cheerful agreeable woman , he hoped the young ladies would not find it so very dull as they might imagine .
True , upon my honour !
Of their all removing to Donwell , Emma had already had her own passing thoughts .
15 : 10 Thou shalt surely give him , and thine heart shall not be grieved when thou givest unto him : because that for this thing the LORD thy God shall bless thee in all thy works , and in all that thou puttest thine hand unto .
But it is even so .
Could not have imagined it .-- So well lighted up !-- Jane , Jane , look !-- did you ever see any thing ?
16 : 20 Shall a man make gods unto himself , and they are no gods ?
Even Sophy could not understand it .
Doubtless it was so , and she could take no revenge , for he was not altered , or not for the worse .
do not even the publicans so ?
who among us shall dwell with everlasting burnings ?
10 : 13 And these things hast thou hid in thine heart : I know that this is with thee .
" Miss Woodhouse has given her friend the only beauty she wanted ,"-- observed Mrs . Weston to him -- not in the least suspecting that she was addressing a lover .--" The expression of the eye is most correct , but Miss Smith has not those eyebrows and eyelashes .
31 : 18 Let the lying lips be put to silence ; which speak grievous things proudly and contemptuously against the righteous .
15 : 2 When therefore Paul and Barnabas had no small dissension and disputation with them , they determined that Paul and Barnabas , and certain other of them , should go up to Jerusalem unto the apostles and elders about this question .
5 : 12 Rejoice , and be exceeding glad : for great is your reward in heaven : for so persecuted they the prophets which were before you .
14 : 8 For whether we live , we live unto the Lord ; and whether we die , we die unto the Lord : whether we live therefore , or die , we are the Lord ' s .
you are too scrupulous , indeed you are ," cried Emma warmly , and taking her hand .
the treacherous dealers have dealt treacherously ; yea , the treacherous dealers have dealt very treacherously .
They must retrench ; that did not admit of a doubt .
3 : 9 As an adamant harder than flint have I made thy forehead : fear them not , neither be dismayed at their looks , though they be a rebellious house .
24 : 22 And when Felix heard these things , having more perfect knowledge of that way , he deferred them , and said , When Lysias the chief captain shall come down , I will know the uttermost of your matter .
And he blew a trumpet , and they retired from the city , every man to his tent .
6 : 13 And Haman told Zeresh his wife and all his friends every thing that had befallen him .
Maple Grove has given me a thorough disgust to people of that sort ; for there is a family in that neighbourhood who are such an annoyance to my brother and sister from the airs they give themselves !
32 : 24 There is Elam and all her multitude round about her grave , all of them slain , fallen by the sword , which are gone down uncircumcised into the nether parts of the earth , which caused their terror in the land of the living ; yet have they borne their shame with them that go down to the pit .
Pleased to find herself more comfortably situated in that particular than she had expected , Elinor was very willing to compound for the want of much real enjoyment from any of their evening parties , which , whether at home or abroad , formed only for cards , could have little to amuse her .
6 : 17 Ye shall diligently keep the commandments of the LORD your God , and his testimonies , and his statutes , which he hath commanded thee .
they are utterly consumed with terrors .
He did not know what was come to his master lately , he said , but he could hardly ever get the speech of him .
He will suffer enough in them ."
She could not stay .
20 : 25 And he said unto them , Render therefore unto Caesar the things which be Caesar ' s , and unto God the things which be God ' s .
3 : 1 Then Solomon began to build the house of the LORD at Jerusalem in mount Moriah , where the Lord appeared unto David his father , in the place that David had prepared in the threshingfloor of Ornan the Jebusite .
Fortune I do not want ; employment I do not want ; consequence I do not want : I believe few married women are half as much mistress of their husband ' s house as I am of Hartfield ; and never , never could I expect to be so truly beloved and important ; so always first and always right in any man ' s eyes as I am in my father ' s ."
There will be very little merit in making a good wife to such a man as Mr .
2 : 6 Before their face the people shall be much pained : all faces shall gather blackness .
Emma returned all her attention to her father , saying in secret --
He had been there for four - and - twenty hours .
You shall share its use with me .
And Jacob said , Thou shalt not give me any thing : if thou wilt do this thing for me , I will again feed and keep thy flock .
9 : 7 Thou art the LORD the God , who didst choose Abram , and broughtest him forth out of Ur of the Chaldees , and gavest him the name of Abraham ; 9 : 8 And foundest his heart faithful before thee , and madest a covenant with him to give the land of the Canaanites , the Hittites , the Amorites , and the Perizzites , and the Jebusites , and the Girgashites , to give it , I say , to his seed , and hast performed thy words ; for thou art righteous : 9 : 9 And didst see the affliction of our fathers in Egypt , and heardest their cry by the Red sea ; 9 : 10 And shewedst signs and wonders upon Pharaoh , and on all his servants , and on all the people of his land : for thou knewest that they dealt proudly against them .
139 : 5 Thou hast beset me behind and before , and laid thine hand upon me .
She restrained herself , however , from any of the reproofs she could have given , and only thanked Mrs . Elton coolly ; " but their going to Bath was quite out of the question ; and she was not perfectly convinced that the place might suit her better than her father ."
even because ye cannot hear my word .
She was in need of a little interval for recollection ."
We sailors , Miss Elliot , cannot afford to make long courtships in time of war .
Nothing but a country curate .
23 : 5 And the children of Heth answered Abraham , saying unto him , 23 : 6 Hear us , my lord : thou art a mighty prince among us : in the choice of our sepulchres bury thy dead ; none of us shall withhold from thee his sepulchre , but that thou mayest bury thy dead .
1 : 16 And he said unto him , Thus saith the LORD , Forasmuch as thou hast sent messengers to enquire of Baalzebub the god of Ekron , is it not because there is no God in Israel to enquire of his word ?
She could never see a fault in any of them .
He advised her against it , thought the jar too great ; but no , he reasoned and talked in vain , she smiled and said , " I am determined I will :" he put out his hands ; she was too precipitate by half a second , she fell on the pavement on the Lower Cobb , and was taken up lifeless !
19 : 21 And the LORD shall be known to Egypt , and the Egyptians shall know the LORD in that day , and shall do sacrifice and oblation ; yea , they shall vow a vow unto the LORD , and perform it .
I only stood at the door , and heard what I could .
There had been a time also when Emma would have been sorry to see Harriet in a spot so favourable for the Abbey Mill Farm ; but now she feared it not .
13 : 21 What wilt thou say when he shall punish thee ?
16 : 23 Then the lords of the Philistines gathered them together for to offer a great sacrifice unto Dagon their god , and to rejoice : for they said , Our god hath delivered Samson our enemy into our hand .
How does Mrs . Dashwood do ?
He could hardly suppose I should neglect them .
1 : 36 And the coast of the Amorites was from the going up to Akrabbim , from the rock , and upward .
Mr . Martin looked as if he did not know what manner was .
46 : 19 The sons of Rachel Jacob ' s wife ; Joseph , and Benjamin .
13 : 16 He also shall be my salvation : for an hypocrite shall not come before him .
38 : 10 And the thing which he did displeased the LORD : wherefore he slew him also .
107 : 27 They reel to and fro , and stagger like a drunken man , and are at their wit ' s end .
For if through the offence of one many be dead , much more the grace of God , and the gift by grace , which is by one man , Jesus Christ , hath abounded unto many .
119 : 107 I am afflicted very much : quicken me , O LORD , according unto thy word .
3 : 34 To crush under his feet all the prisoners of the earth .
In his preceding attempts to attach himself to Louisa Musgrove ( the attempts of angry pride ), he protested that he had for ever felt it to be impossible ; that he had not cared , could not care , for Louisa ; though till that day , till the leisure for reflection which followed it , he had not understood the perfect excellence of the mind with which Louisa ' s could so ill bear a comparison , or the perfect unrivalled hold it possessed over his own .
13 : 20 And it came to pass , as they sat at the table , that the word of the LORD came unto the prophet that brought him back : 13 : 21 And he cried unto the man of God that came from Judah , saying , Thus saith the LORD , Forasmuch as thou hast disobeyed the mouth of the LORD , and hast not kept the commandment which the LORD thy God commanded thee , 13 : 22 But camest back , and hast eaten bread and drunk water in the place , of the which the Lord did say to thee , Eat no bread , and drink no water ; thy carcase shall not come unto the sepulchre of thy fathers .
9 : 14 For they were about five thousand men .
" Oh , dear ," cried Harriet , " now I recollect what you mean ; but I was thinking of something very different at the time .
" Really !-- Well , this is very astonishing !-- no relationship !-- no connection between them !-- and now that livings fetch such a price !-- what was the value of this ?"
6 : 5 I speak to your shame .
7 : 17 And as for thee , if thou wilt walk before me , as David thy father walked , and do according to all that I have commanded thee , and shalt observe my statutes and my judgments ; 7 : 18 Then will I stablish the throne of thy kingdom , according as I have covenanted with David thy father , saying , There shall not fail thee a man to be ruler in Israel .
" More than you think it really and intrinsically worth ."
This happened the night before last .
But have you likewise heard that Miss Grey has fifty thousand pounds ?
The treachery , or the folly , of my cousin ' s maid betrayed us .
20 : 18 Whosoever shall fall upon that stone shall be broken ; but on whomsoever it shall fall , it will grind him to powder .
41 : 1 Now it came to pass in the seventh month , that Ishmael the son of Nethaniah the son of Elishama , of the seed royal , and the princes of the king , even ten men with him , came unto Gedaliah the son of Ahikam to Mizpah ; and there they did eat bread together in Mizpah .
13 : 7 Then I went to Euphrates , and digged , and took the girdle from the place where I had hid it : and , behold , the girdle was marred , it was profitable for nothing .
129 : 8 Neither do they which go by say , The blessing of the LORD be upon you : we bless you in the name of the LORD .
7 : 25 And seven days were fulfilled , after that the LORD had smitten the river .
There were moments in abundance , when , if not by the absence of her mother and sisters , at least by the nature of their employments , conversation was forbidden among them , and every effect of solitude was produced .
23 : 27 For a whore is a deep ditch ; and a strange woman is a narrow pit .
4 : 1 Now therefore hearken , O Israel , unto the statutes and unto the judgments , which I teach you , for to do them , that ye may live , and go in and possess the land which the LORD God of your fathers giveth you .
21 : 8 So she wrote letters in Ahab ' s name , and sealed them with his seal , and sent the letters unto the elders and to the nobles that were in his city , dwelling with Naboth .
3 : 64 Render unto them a recompence , O LORD , according to the work of their hands .
16 : 2 Then Asa brought out silver and gold out of the treasures of the house of the LORD and of the king ' s house , and sent to Benhadad king of Syria , that dwelt at Damascus , saying , 16 : 3 There is a league between me and thee , as there was between my father and thy father : behold , I have sent thee silver and gold ; go , break thy league with Baasha king of Israel , that he may depart from me .
Say ` No ,' if it is to be said ."
2 : 2 And the things that thou hast heard of me among many witnesses , the same commit thou to faithful men , who shall be able to teach others also .
30 : 32 I will pass through all thy flock to day , removing from thence all the speckled and spotted cattle , and all the brown cattle among the sheep , and the spotted and speckled among the goats : and of such shall be my hire .
He gave me a quiet hint ; I told him he was mistaken ; he asked my pardon and said no more .
78 : 20 Behold , he smote the rock , that the waters gushed out , and the streams overflowed ; can he give bread also ?
25 : 31 And Jacob said , Sell me this day thy birthright .
9 : 50 Salt is good : but if the salt have lost his saltness , wherewith will ye season it ?
8 : 20 And Moses , and Aaron , and all the congregation of the children of Israel , did to the Levites according unto all that the LORD commanded Moses concerning the Levites , so did the children of Israel unto them .
27 : 2 Over the first course for the first month was Jashobeam the son of Zabdiel : and in his course were twenty and four thousand .
But some said , Shall Christ come out of Galilee ?
25 : 11 For thy name ' s sake , O LORD , pardon mine iniquity ; for it is great .
I know those who would be shocked by such a representation of Mr Elliot , who would have difficulty in believing it ; but I have never been satisfied .
At last he turned round again , and regarded them both ; she started up , and pronouncing his name in a tone of affection , held out her hand to him .
9 : 1 And it came to pass , when Solomon had finished the building of the house of the LORD , and the king ' s house , and all Solomon ' s desire which he was pleased to do , 9 : 2 That the LORD appeared to Solomon the second time , as he had appeared unto him at Gibeon .
CHAPTER 31
1 : 12 But thou shouldest not have looked on the day of thy brother in the day that he became a stranger ; neither shouldest thou have rejoiced over the children of Judah in the day of their destruction ; neither shouldest thou have spoken proudly in the day of distress .
It stood the record of many sensations of pain , once severe , but now softened ; and of some instances of relenting feeling , some breathings of friendship and reconciliation , which could never be looked for again , and which could never cease to be dear .
10 : 17 Thou renewest thy witnesses against me , and increasest thine indignation upon me ; changes and war are against me .
I shall now go away and live in dread of one event ."
12 : 6 The words of the wicked are to lie in wait for blood : but the mouth of the upright shall deliver them .
4 : 17 As for us , our eyes as yet failed for our vain help : in our watching we have watched for a nation that could not save us .
31 : 42 And of the children of Israel ' s half , which Moses divided from the men that warred , 31 : 43 ( Now the half that pertained unto the congregation was three hundred thousand and thirty thousand and seven thousand and five hundred sheep , 31 : 44 And thirty and six thousand beeves , 31 : 45 And thirty thousand asses and five hundred , 31 : 46 And sixteen thousand persons ;) 31 : 47 Even of the children of Israel ' s half , Moses took one portion of fifty , both of man and of beast , and gave them unto the Levites , which kept the charge of the tabernacle of the LORD ; as the LORD commanded Moses .
Hovering and glittering on the air before the face of Thel .
10 : 10 Know now that there shall fall unto the earth nothing of the word of the LORD , which the LORD spake concerning the house of Ahab : for the LORD hath done that which he spake by his servant Elijah .
23 : 22 But if thou shalt forbear to vow , it shall be no sin in thee .
5 : 2 Be not rash with thy mouth , and let not thine heart be hasty to utter any thing before God : for God is in heaven , and thou upon earth : therefore let thy words be few .
23 : 10 One man of you shall chase a thousand : for the LORD your God , he it is that fighteth for you , as he hath promised you .
he gave them as the dust to his sword , and as driven stubble to his bow .
25 : 23 And on the morrow , when Agrippa was come , and Bernice , with great pomp , and was entered into the place of hearing , with the chief captains , and principal men of the city , at Festus ' commandment Paul was brought forth .
2 : 18 And all they that heard it wondered at those things which were told them by the shepherds .
90 : 9 For all our days are passed away in thy wrath : we spend our years as a tale that is told .
15 : 18 For I will not dare to speak of any of those things which Christ hath not wrought by me , to make the Gentiles obedient , by word and deed , 15 : 19 Through mighty signs and wonders , by the power of the Spirit of God ; so that from Jerusalem , and round about unto Illyricum , I have fully preached the gospel of Christ .
" Indeed !
She was of strict integrity herself , with a delicate sense of honour ; but she was as desirous of saving Sir Walter ' s feelings , as solicitous for the credit of the family , as aristocratic in her ideas of what was due to them , as anybody of sense and honesty could well be .
10 : 24 The fear of the wicked , it shall come upon him : but the desire of the righteous shall be granted .
4 : 2 And the Philistines put themselves in array against Israel : and when they joined battle , Israel was smitten before the Philistines : and they slew of the army in the field about four thousand men .
1 : 14 And ye answered me , and said , The thing which thou hast spoken is good for us to do .
23 : 16 Yea , my reins shall rejoice , when thy lips speak right things .
" You understand the force of influence pretty well , Harriet ; but I would have you so firmly established in good society , as to be independent even of Hartfield and Miss Woodhouse .
14 : 22 And the children of Israel went into the midst of the sea upon the dry ground : and the waters were a wall unto them on their right hand , and on their left .
63 : 2 To see thy power and thy glory , so as I have seen thee in the sanctuary .
at least , that I should ever bore people half so much about all the Knightleys together , as she does about Jane Fairfax .
How is it to be supposed that Willoughby , persuaded as he must be of your sister ' s love , should leave her , and leave her perhaps for months , without telling her of his affection ;-- that they should part without a mutual exchange of confidence ?"
I would not disappoint the little angel for all the world : and if you want me at the card - table now , I am resolved to finish the basket after supper ."
I saw the word , and am curious to know how it could be so very entertaining to the one , and so very distressing to the other ."
40 : 2 And Pharaoh was wroth against two of his officers , against the chief of the butlers , and against the chief of the bakers .
12 : 13 For what is it wherein ye were inferior to other churches , except it be that I myself was not burdensome to you ?
" I not aware !"
3 : 5 And he gave heed unto them , expecting to receive something of them .
5 : 10 Yea , ten acres of vineyard shall yield one bath , and the seed of an homer shall yield an ephah .
17 : 2 Are there not mockers with me ?
39 : 30 And they made the plate of the holy crown of pure gold , and wrote upon it a writing , like to the engravings of a signet , HOLINESS TO THE LORD .
To know that Marianne was in town was -- in the same language -- a thunderbolt .-- Thunderbolts and daggers !-- what a reproof would she have given me !-- her taste , her opinions -- I believe they are better known to me than my own ,-- and I am sure they are dearer ."
Not that he will value it as he ought ," he observed , " Charles is too cool about sporting .
6 : 4 And the king said , Who is in the court ?
5 : 5 So also Christ glorified not himself to be made an high priest ; but he that said unto him , Thou art my Son , to day have I begotten thee .
" And I am quite serious too , I assure you ," replied Mrs . Elton gaily , " in resolving to be always on the watch , and employing my friends to watch also , that nothing really unexceptionable may pass us ."
10 : 40 He that receiveth you receiveth me , and he that receiveth me receiveth him that sent me .
7 : 1 Likewise this is the law of the trespass offering : it is most holy .
34 : 18 And ye shall take one prince of every tribe , to divide the land by inheritance .
" Upon my word ," replied Elinor , " I cannot tell you , for I do not perfectly comprehend the meaning of the word .
12 : 2 And be not conformed to this world : but be ye transformed by the renewing of your mind , that ye may prove what is that good , and acceptable , and perfect , will of God .
and shall not he render to every man according to his works ?
So he called her .
14 : 11 And both of them discovered themselves unto the garrison of the Philistines : and the Philistines said , Behold , the Hebrews come forth out of the holes where they had hid themselves .
29 : 13 And it came to pass , when Laban heard the tidings of Jacob his sister ' s son , that he ran to meet him , and embraced him , and kissed him , and brought him to his house .
15 : 15 And so Pilate , willing to content the people , released Barabbas unto them , and delivered Jesus , when he had scourged him , to be crucified .
" Then , my dear Isabella , it is the most extraordinary sort of thing in the world , for in general every thing does give you cold .
24 : 12 And Balaam said unto Balak , Spake I not also to thy messengers which thou sentest unto me , saying , 24 : 13 If Balak would give me his house full of silver and gold , I cannot go beyond the commandment of the LORD , to do either good or bad of mine own mind ; but what the LORD saith , that will I speak ?
and the two new beauties , with the tall Irish officer , who is talked of for one of them ."
22 : 6 If fire break out , and catch in thorns , so that the stacks of corn , or the standing corn , or the field , be consumed therewith ; he that kindled the fire shall surely make restitution .
47 : 21 And as for the people , he removed them to cities from one end of the borders of Egypt even to the other end thereof .
Doubt is fled , and clouds of reason , Dark disputes and artful teazing .
To talk would be only to irritate .-- She wrote to her , therefore , kindly , but decisively , to beg that she would not , at present , come to Hartfield ; acknowledging it to be her conviction , that all farther confidential discussion of _one_ topic had better be avoided ; and hoping , that if a few days were allowed to pass before they met again , except in the company of others -- she objected only to a tete - a - tete -- they might be able to act as if they had forgotten the conversation of yesterday .-- Harriet submitted , and approved , and was grateful .
I will take it home with me at night ."
27 : 15 Now at that feast the governor was wont to release unto the people a prisoner , whom they would .
14 : 70 And he denied it again .
26 : 29 Of the sons of Manasseh : of Machir , the family of the Machirites : and Machir begat Gilead : of Gilead come the family of the Gileadites .
6 : 4 There were giants in the earth in those days ; and also after that , when the sons of God came in unto the daughters of men , and they bare children to them , the same became mighty men which were of old , men of renown .
" No , Elinor ," she replied , " ask nothing ; you will soon know all ."
39 : 13 So Nebuzaradan the captain of the guard sent , and Nebushasban , Rabsaris , and Nergalsharezer , Rabmag , and all the king of Babylon ' s princes ; 39 : 14 Even they sent , and took Jeremiah out of the court of the prison , and committed him unto Gedaliah the son of Ahikam the son of Shaphan , that he should carry him home : so he dwelt among the people .
3 : 6 Moreover he said , I am the God of thy father , the God of Abraham , the God of Isaac , and the God of Jacob .
" You owe me no apologies ; and every body to whom you might be supposed to owe them , is so perfectly satisfied , so delighted even --"
6 : 4 But Jesus , said unto them , A prophet is not without honour , but in his own country , and among his own kin , and in his own house .
Mrs . Weston looked surprized , and said , " I did not know that he ever had any such plan ."
12 : 4 And he took the fenced cities which pertained to Judah , and came to Jerusalem .
2 : 17 Behold , thou art called a Jew , and restest in the law , and makest thy boast of God , 2 : 18 And knowest his will , and approvest the things that are more excellent , being instructed out of the law ; 2 : 19 And art confident that thou thyself art a guide of the blind , a light of them which are in darkness , 2 : 20 An instructor of the foolish , a teacher of babes , which hast the form of knowledge and of the truth in the law .
or saith not the law the same also ?
61 : 7 For your shame ye shall have double ; and for confusion they shall rejoice in their portion : therefore in their land they shall possess the double : everlasting joy shall be unto them .
There was a great deal of friendly and of compassionate attachment on his side -- but no love .
" These matters are always a secret , till it is found out that every body knows them .
13 : 5 And when they were at Salamis , they preached the word of God in the synagogues of the Jews : and they had also John to their minister .
29 : 14 I put on righteousness , and it clothed me : my judgment was as a robe and a diadem .
1 : 6 Ye have sown much , and bring in little ; ye eat , but ye have not enough ; ye drink , but ye are not filled with drink ; ye clothe you , but there is none warm ; and he that earneth wages earneth wages to put it into a bag with holes .
2 : 14 He said moreover , I have somewhat to say unto thee .
Mrs . Jennings was quite right in what she said .
If he commit iniquity , I will chasten him with the rod of men , and with the stripes of the children of men : 7 : 15 But my mercy shall not depart away from him , as I took it from Saul , whom I put away before thee .
11 : 5 And the inhabitants of Jebus said to David , Thou shalt not come hither .
22 : 21 And Balaam rose up in the morning , and saddled his ass , and went with the princes of Moab .
2 : 32 This Jesus hath God raised up , whereof we all are witnesses .
While the lioness Loosed her slender dress , And naked they conveyed To caves the sleeping maid .
16 : 13 Watch ye , stand fast in the faith , quit you like men , be strong .
14 : 35 And when the men of that place had knowledge of him , they sent out into all that country round about , and brought unto him all that were diseased ; 14 : 36 And besought him that they might only touch the hem of his garment : and as many as touched were made perfectly whole .
" True , sir ; and Emma , because she had Miss Fairfax ."
40 : 15 Let them be desolate for a reward of their shame that say unto me , Aha , aha .
Your telling it will be the greatest act of friendship that can be shewn Marianne .
" You will get nothing to the purpose from Miss Bates ," said Emma .
" No , Marianne , never .
The party did not break up without Emma ' s being positively secured for the two first dances by the hero of the evening , nor without her overhearing Mr . Weston whisper to his wife , " He has asked her , my dear .
Sir Walter Elliot , of Kellynch Hall , in Somersetshire , was a man who , for his own amusement , never took up any book but the Baronetage ; there he found occupation for an idle hour , and consolation in a distressed one ; there his faculties were roused into admiration and respect , by contemplating the limited remnant of the earliest patents ; there any unwelcome sensations , arising from domestic affairs changed naturally into pity and contempt as he turned over the almost endless creations of the last century ; and there , if every other leaf were powerless , he could read his own history with an interest which never failed .
2 : 22 But the wicked shall be cut off from the earth , and the transgressors shall be rooted out of it .
17 : 21 And he stretched himself upon the child three times , and cried unto the LORD , and said , O LORD my God , I pray thee , let this child ' s soul come into him again .
65 : 1 Praise waiteth for thee , O God , in Sion : and unto thee shall the vow be performed .
His heart was softened in seeing mine suffer ; and so much of his ill - will was done away , that when we parted , he almost shook me by the hand while he reminded me of an old promise about a pointer puppy .
6 : 10 And the priest shall put on his linen garment , and his linen breeches shall he put upon his flesh , and take up the ashes which the fire hath consumed with the burnt offering on the altar , and he shall put them beside the altar .
40 : 37 And the posts thereof were toward the utter court ; and palm trees were upon the posts thereof , on this side , and on that side : and the going up to it had eight steps .
28 : 41 Thou shalt beget sons and daughters , but thou shalt not enjoy them ; for they shall go into captivity .
But I shall see them tomorrow ."
56 : 11 Yea , they are greedy dogs which can never have enough , and they are shepherds that cannot understand : they all look to their own way , every one for his gain , from his quarter .
18 : 18 And the flesh of them shall be thine , as the wave breast and as the right shoulder are thine .
11 : 12 And on the morrow , when they were come from Bethany , he was hungry : 11 : 13 And seeing a fig tree afar off having leaves , he came , if haply he might find any thing thereon : and when he came to it , he found nothing but leaves ; for the time of figs was not yet .
Miss Hamilton had left school , had married not long afterwards , was said to have married a man of fortune , and this was all that Anne had known of her , till now that their governess ' s account brought her situation forward in a more decided but very different form .
10 : 5 By these were the isles of the Gentiles divided in their lands ; every one after his tongue , after their families , in their nations .
And the two sons of Eli , Hophni and Phinehas , the priests of the LORD , were there .
He knows I have a thorough regard for him and all his family , and , I believe , considers me as one of his best friends .
She is a standing lesson of how to be happy .
3 : 2 Beware of dogs , beware of evil workers , beware of the concision .
5 : 7 They have dealt treacherously against the LORD : for they have begotten strange children : now shall a month devour them with their portions .
But the LORD hearkened unto me at that time also .
But one or the other , if not both of them , I must have .
4 : 16 And these are they likewise which are sown on stony ground ; who , when they have heard the word , immediately receive it with gladness ; 4 : 17 And have no root in themselves , and so endure but for a time : afterward , when affliction or persecution ariseth for the word ' s sake , immediately they are offended .
23 : 4 Be thou ashamed , O Zidon : for the sea hath spoken , even the strength of the sea , saying , I travail not , nor bring forth children , neither do I nourish up young men , nor bring up virgins .
Even this conquest would appear valuable in her eyes .
4 : 23 And whereas the king saw a watcher and an holy one coming down from heaven , and saying , Hew the tree down , and destroy it ; yet leave the stump of the roots thereof in the earth , even with a band of iron and brass , in the tender grass of the field ; and let it be wet with the dew of heaven , and let his portion be with the beasts of the field , till seven times pass over him ; 4 : 24 This is the interpretation , O king , and this is the decree of the most High , which is come upon my lord the king : 4 : 25 That they shall drive thee from men , and thy dwelling shall be with the beasts of the field , and they shall make thee to eat grass as oxen , and they shall wet thee with the dew of heaven , and seven times shall pass over thee , till thou know that the most High ruleth in the kingdom of men , and giveth it to whomsoever he will .
We ought to be acquainted with Enscombe , and with Mrs . Churchill ' s temper , before we pretend to decide upon what her nephew can do .
And Manoah and his wife looked on it , and fell on their faces to the ground .
18 : 18 And David said unto Saul , Who am I ?
12 : 4 So Abram departed , as the LORD had spoken unto him ; and Lot went with him : and Abram was seventy and five years old when he departed out of Haran .
10 : 22 And the likeness of their faces was the same faces which I saw by the river of Chebar , their appearances and themselves : they went every one straight forward .
14 : 59 But neither so did their witness agree together .
5 : 12 The sleep of a labouring man is sweet , whether he eat little or much : but the abundance of the rich will not suffer him to sleep .
42 : 14 When the priests enter therein , then shall they not go out of the holy place into the utter court , but there they shall lay their garments wherein they minister ; for they are holy ; and shall put on other garments , and shall approach to those things which are for the people .
6 : 8 For he that soweth to his flesh shall of the flesh reap corruption ; but he that soweth to the Spirit shall of the Spirit reap life everlasting .
18 : 26 With the pure thou wilt shew thyself pure ; and with the froward thou wilt shew thyself froward .
And he repaired the altar of the LORD that was broken down .
Relate only what in your conscience you think necessary for me to hear ."
1 : 9 In the same day also will I punish all those that leap on the threshold , which fill their masters ' houses with violence and deceit .
11 : 1 And when the people complained , it displeased the LORD : and the LORD heard it ; and his anger was kindled ; and the fire of the LORD burnt among them , and consumed them that were in the uttermost parts of the camp .
" I have just had the honour of receiving your letter , for which I beg to return my sincere acknowledgments .
29 : 9 And thou shalt gird them with girdles , Aaron and his sons , and put the bonnets on them : and the priest ' s office shall be theirs for a perpetual statute : and thou shalt consecrate Aaron and his sons .
" And I have not forgotten ," said Emma , " how sure you were that he might have come sooner if he would .
How much may not a few months do ?"
15 : 35 And the LORD said unto Moses , The man shall be surely put to death : all the congregation shall stone him with stones without the camp .
And when the Jews laid wait for him , as he was about to sail into Syria , he purposed to return through Macedonia .
He could not understand it ; but there were symptoms of intelligence between them -- he thought so at least -- symptoms of admiration on his side , which , having once observed , he could not persuade himself to think entirely void of meaning , however he might wish to escape any of Emma ' s errors of imagination .
Mrs Harville , her children , and Captain Benwick , remained with Mr Musgrove and Louisa at Uppercross .
" Certainly ; you must be sensible that the last half - year has made a great difference in your way of life ."
She could only compare Mr Elliot to Lady Russell , in the wish of really comprehending what had passed , and in the degree of concern for what she must have suffered in witnessing it .
He had left the country in consequence .
24 : 10 And the servant took ten camels of the camels of his master , and departed ; for all the goods of his master were in his hand : and he arose , and went to Mesopotamia , unto the city of Nahor .
that ' s a very good thought , very good , indeed .
As my mother - in - law ' s relations , I shall be happy to show them every respect .
17 : 19 And for their sakes I sanctify myself , that they also might be sanctified through the truth .
6 : 27 Yea , ye overwhelm the fatherless , and ye dig a pit for your friend .
22 : 10 But when Athaliah the mother of Ahaziah saw that her son was dead , she arose and destroyed all the seed royal of the house of Judah .
The pain of his continued residence in Highbury , however , must certainly be lessened by his marriage .
15 : 22 If I had not come and spoken unto them , they had not had sin : but now they have no cloak for their sin .
Giving to those that cannot crave , the voiceless , the o ' er tired The breath doth nourish the innocent lamb , he smells the milky garments He crops thy flowers while thou sittest smiling in his face , Wiping his mild and meekin mouth from all contagious taints .
I hope he may long continue to feel all the value of such a reconciliation .-- He is a very liberal thanker , with his thousands and tens of thousands .--` Happier than I deserve .'
This conviction , though not entirely satisfactory , gave her pleasure , and she continued her letter with greater alacrity .
In this state of schemes , and hopes , and connivance , June opened upon Hartfield .
" I was only going to observe , that though such unfortunate circumstances do sometimes occur both to men and women , I cannot imagine them to be very frequent .
Selah .
nine cubits was the length thereof , and four cubits the breadth of it , after the cubit of a man .
" No .
Richard ?-- Oh !
21 : 1 If one be found slain in the land which the LORD thy God giveth thee to possess it , lying in the field , and it be not known who hath slain him : 21 : 2 Then thy elders and thy judges shall come forth , and they shall measure unto the cities which are round about him that is slain : 21 : 3 And it shall be , that the city which is next unto the slain man , even the elders of that city shall take an heifer , which hath not been wrought with , and which hath not drawn in the yoke ; 21 : 4 And the elders of that city shall bring down the heifer unto a rough valley , which is neither eared nor sown , and shall strike off the heifer ' s neck there in the valley : 21 : 5 And the priests the sons of Levi shall come near ; for them the LORD thy God hath chosen to minister unto him , and to bless in the name of the LORD ; and by their word shall every controversy and every stroke be tried : 21 : 6 And all the elders of that city , that are next unto the slain man , shall wash their hands over the heifer that is beheaded in the valley : 21 : 7 And they shall answer and say , Our hands have not shed this blood , neither have our eyes seen it .
I doubt it .
14 : 6 And thy handmaid had two sons , and they two strove together in the field , and there was none to part them , but the one smote the other , and slew him .
Selah .
The party separated .
40 : 8 And thou shalt set up the court round about , and hang up the hanging at the court gate .
21 : 9 Then Jehoram went forth with his princes , and all his chariots with him : and he rose up by night , and smote the Edomites which compassed him in , and the captains of the chariots .
7 : 21 And all flesh died that moved upon the earth , both of fowl , and of cattle , and of beast , and of every creeping thing that creepeth upon the earth , and every man : 7 : 22 All in whose nostrils was the breath of life , of all that was in the dry land , died .
The weather was most favourable for her ; though Christmas Day , she could not go to church .
119 : 169 Let my cry come near before thee , O LORD : give me understanding according to thy word .
118 : 18 The LORD hath chastened me sore : but he hath not given me over unto death .
9 : 15 But the Lord said unto him , Go thy way : for he is a chosen vessel unto me , to bear my name before the Gentiles , and kings , and the children of Israel : 9 : 16 For I will shew him how great things he must suffer for my name ' s sake .
1 : 14 And the grace of our Lord was exceeding abundant with faith and love which is in Christ Jesus .
15 : 5 And when he hath found it , he layeth it on his shoulders , rejoicing .
He only means --"
Our coachman and horses are so extremely expeditious !-- I believe we drive faster than any body .-- What a pleasure it is to send one ' s carriage for a friend !-- I understand you were so kind as to offer , but another time it will be quite unnecessary .
23 : 7 And he brake down the houses of the sodomites , that were by the house of the LORD , where the women wove hangings for the grove .
44 : 24 And it came to pass when we came up unto thy servant my father , we told him the words of my lord .
Palmer !"
And if that some one should be the very he whom , of all others , I could least bear -- but I will not stay to rob myself of all your compassionate goodwill , by shewing that where I have most injured I can least forgive .
13 : 9 Is it good that he should search you out ?
15 : 3 Of a foreigner thou mayest exact it again : but that which is thine with thy brother thine hand shall release ; 15 : 4 Save when there shall be no poor among you ; for the LORD shall greatly bless thee in the land which the LORD thy God giveth thee for an inheritance to possess it : 15 : 5 Only if thou carefully hearken unto the voice of the LORD thy God , to observe to do all these commandments which I command thee this day .
Part only of this answer , however , was admitted .
27 : 20 Cursed be he that lieth with his father ' s wife ; because he uncovereth his father ' s skirt .
7 : 25 And they took two princes of the Midianites , Oreb and Zeeb ; and they slew Oreb upon the rock Oreb , and Zeeb they slew at the winepress of Zeeb , and pursued Midian , and brought the heads of Oreb and Zeeb to Gideon on the other side Jordan .
But do come in .
14 : 4 And Jeroboam ' s wife did so , and arose , and went to Shiloh , and came to the house of Ahijah .
And also unto thy maidservant thou shalt do likewise .
Is not it so ?"
13 : 21 Withdraw thine hand far from me : and let not thy dread make me afraid .
15 : 41 And he went through Syria and Cilicia , confirming the churches .
17 : 14 From men which are thy hand , O LORD , from men of the world , which have their portion in this life , and whose belly thou fillest with thy hid treasure : they are full of children , and leave the rest of their substance to their babes .
9 : 11 And it came to pass at the end of forty days and forty nights , that the LORD gave me the two tables of stone , even the tables of the covenant .
for there shall be great distress in the land , and wrath upon this people .
24 : 17 And he said unto them , What manner of communications are these that ye have one to another , as ye walk , and are sad ?
2 : 18 For her house inclineth unto death , and her paths unto the dead .
41 : 8 And it came to pass in the morning that his spirit was troubled ; and he sent and called for all the magicians of Egypt , and all the wise men thereof : and Pharaoh told them his dream ; but there was none that could interpret them unto Pharaoh .
16 : 18 O earth , cover not thou my blood , and let my cry have no place .
28 : 29 This also cometh forth from the LORD of hosts , which is wonderful in counsel , and excellent in working .
23 : 13 And Pilate , when he had called together the chief priests and the rulers and the people , 23 : 14 Said unto them , Ye have brought this man unto me , as one that perverteth the people : and , behold , I , having examined him before you , have found no fault in this man touching those things whereof ye accuse him : 23 : 15 No , nor yet Herod : for I sent you to him ; and , lo , nothing worthy of death is done unto him .
and he that keepeth thy soul , doth not he know it ?
The evening ended with dancing .
I am exceedingly obliged to you , Mrs . Elton , I am obliged to any body who feels for me , but I am quite serious in wishing nothing to be done till the summer .
11 : 1 Moreover the spirit lifted me up , and brought me unto the east gate of the LORD ' s house , which looketh eastward : and behold at the door of the gate five and twenty men ; among whom I saw Jaazaniah the son of Azur , and Pelatiah the son of Benaiah , princes of the people .
He looked surprised and said , " I beg your pardon , I am afraid my inquiry has been impertinent ; but I had not supposed any secrecy intended , as they openly correspond , and their marriage is universally talked of ."
He perfectly knew his own meaning ; and having warmly protested against her suspicion as most injurious , and slightly touched upon his respect for Miss Smith as her friend ,-- but acknowledging his wonder that Miss Smith should be mentioned at all ,-- he resumed the subject of his own passion , and was very urgent for a favourable answer .
Mrs . Palmer was so well at the end of a fortnight , that her mother felt it no longer necessary to give up the whole of her time to her ; and , contenting herself with visiting her once or twice a day , returned from that period to her own home , and her own habits , in which she found the Miss Dashwoods very ready to resume their former share .
But when there is plenty of money on one side , and next to none on the other , Lord bless you !
27 : 7 Let mine enemy be as the wicked , and he that riseth up against me as the unrighteous .
And he took three darts in his hand , and thrust them through the heart of Absalom , while he was yet alive in the midst of the oak .
It is always the lady ' s right to decide on the degree of acquaintance .
24 : 17 And the sight of the glory of the LORD was like devouring fire on the top of the mount in the eyes of the children of Israel .
Elinor gloried in his integrity ; and Marianne forgave all his offences in compassion for his punishment .
8 : 15 And he slew it ; and Moses took the blood , and put it upon the horns of the altar round about with his finger , and purified the altar , and poured the blood at the bottom of the altar , and sanctified it , to make reconciliation upon it .
-- " He was generally thought so ."
" I was simple enough to think , that because my FAITH was plighted to another , there could be no danger in my being with you ; and that the consciousness of my engagement was to keep my heart as safe and sacred as my honour .
1 : 26 And when the unclean spirit had torn him , and cried with a loud voice , he came out of him .
12 : 22 Then was brought unto him one possessed with a devil , blind , and dumb : and he healed him , insomuch that the blind and dumb both spake and saw .
It was no more than the principals were prepared for ; they had calculated from the time of its being known at Randalls , how soon it would be over Highbury ; and were thinking of themselves , as the evening wonder in many a family circle , with great sagacity .
24 : 18 And Edom shall be a possession , Seir also shall be a possession for his enemies ; and Israel shall do valiantly .
10 : 16 Behold , I send you forth as sheep in the midst of wolves : be ye therefore wise as serpents , and harmless as doves .
` Why , to be sure , ma ' am ,' said she , ` it would not prevent his marrying anybody else .'
5 : 18 Let thy fountain be blessed : and rejoice with the wife of thy youth .
35 : 22 This thou hast seen , O LORD : keep not silence : O Lord , be not far from me .
21 : 44 And the LORD gave them rest round about , according to all that he sware unto their fathers : and there stood not a man of all their enemies before them ; the LORD delivered all their enemies into their hand .
Behold , to obey is better than sacrifice , and to hearken than the fat of rams .
Is not this written in the book of Jasher ?
6 : 14 And while they were yet talking with him , came the king ' s chamberlains , and hasted to bring Haman unto the banquet that Esther had prepared .
42 : 17 He measured the north side , five hundred reeds , with the measuring reed round about .
She was in no hurry at all .
He proceeded a little farther , reading to himself ; and then , with a smile , observed , " Humph !
And they bowed down their heads , and made obeisance .
Ah Sunflower , weary of time , Who countest the steps of the sun ; Seeking after that sweet golden clime Where the traveller ' s journey is done ;
" Had he been only in a violent fever , you would not have despised him half so much .
17 : 8 For he shall be as a tree planted by the waters , and that spreadeth out her roots by the river , and shall not see when heat cometh , but her leaf shall be green ; and shall not be careful in the year of drought , neither shall cease from yielding fruit .
7 : 31 And the mouth of it within the chapiter and above was a cubit : but the mouth thereof was round after the work of the base , a cubit and an half : and also upon the mouth of it were gravings with their borders , foursquare , not round .
9 : 1 So all Israel were reckoned by genealogies ; and , behold , they were written in the book of the kings of Israel and Judah , who were carried away to Babylon for their transgression .
1 : 29 For they shall be ashamed of the oaks which ye have desired , and ye shall be confounded for the gardens that ye have chosen .
6 : 22 My God hath sent his angel , and hath shut the lions ' mouths , that they have not hurt me : forasmuch as before him innocency was found in me ; and also before thee , O king , have I done no hurt .
9 : 1 And Saul , yet breathing out threatenings and slaughter against the disciples of the Lord , went unto the high priest , 9 : 2 And desired of him letters to Damascus to the synagogues , that if he found any of this way , whether they were men or women , he might bring them bound unto Jerusalem .
114 : 1 When Israel went out of Egypt , the house of Jacob from a people of strange language ;
My dear Emma , we must consider this .
She was delighted to see her father look comfortable , and very much pleased with herself for contriving things so well ; but the quiet prosings of three such women made her feel that every evening so spent was indeed one of the long evenings she had fearfully anticipated .
The Dashwoods were so prodigiously delighted with the Middletons , that , though not much in the habit of giving anything , they determined to give them -- a dinner ; and soon after their acquaintance began , invited them to dine in Harley Street , where they had taken a very good house for three months .
how then should I hold up my face to Joab thy brother ?
5 : 11 And when they had brought their ships to land , they forsook all , and followed him .
1 : 26 And God said , Let us make man in our image , after our likeness : and let them have dominion over the fish of the sea , and over the fowl of the air , and over the cattle , and over all the earth , and over every creeping thing that creepeth upon the earth .
2 : 4 Yet now be strong , O Zerubbabel , saith the LORD ; and be strong , O Joshua , son of Josedech , the high priest ; and be strong , all ye people of the land , saith the LORD , and work : for I am with you , saith the LORD of hosts : 2 : 5 According to the word that I covenanted with you when ye came out of Egypt , so my spirit remaineth among you : fear ye not .
5 : 6 Lest thou shouldest ponder the path of life , her ways are moveable , that thou canst not know them .
22 : 17 He sent from above , he took me ; he drew me out of many waters ; 22 : 18 He delivered me from my strong enemy , and from them that hated me : for they were too strong for me .
6 : 7 As a fountain casteth out her waters , so she casteth out her wickedness : violence and spoil is heard in her ; before me continually is grief and wounds .
She was obliged to break off from these very pleasant observations , which were otherwise of a sort to run into great length , by the eagerness of Harriet ' s wondering questions .
Rising from unrest , The trembling woman presse With feet of weary woe ; She could no further go .
why therefore did ye not recover them within that time ?
But in every respect , as she saw more of her , she approved her , and was confirmed in all her kind designs .
20 : 9 And Isaiah said , This sign shalt thou have of the LORD , that the LORD will do the thing that he hath spoken : shall the shadow go forward ten degrees , or go back ten degrees ?
9 : 10 For the mountains will I take up a weeping and wailing , and for the habitations of the wilderness a lamentation , because they are burned up , so that none can pass through them ; neither can men hear the voice of the cattle ; both the fowl of the heavens and the beast are fled ; they are gone .
The only wonder was , what they could be waiting for , till the business at Lyme came ; then , indeed , it was clear enough that they must wait till her brain was set to right .
Your kindness almost overpowers me .
I am afraid his circumstances may be bad .
13 : 35 Behold , your house is left unto you desolate : and verily I say unto you , Ye shall not see me , until the time come when ye shall say , Blessed is he that cometh in the name of the Lord .
Do you think it is a good one ?
It was precisely what Emma would have wished , had she deemed it possible enough for wishing .
Before Sir Walter had reached this point , Anne ' s eyes had caught the right direction , and distinguished Captain Wentworth standing among a cluster of men at a little distance .
15 : 38 And they that did eat were four thousand men , beside women and children .
who among the sons of the mighty can be likened unto the LORD ?
45 : 3 Gird thy sword upon thy thigh , O most mighty , with thy glory and thy majesty .
6 : 56 But the fields of the city , and the villages thereof , they gave to Caleb the son of Jephunneh .
who hath babbling ?
10 : 20 And many of them said , He hath a devil , and is mad ; why hear ye him ?
14 : 19 And it came to pass , while Saul talked unto the priest , that the noise that was in the host of the Philistines went on and increased : and Saul said unto the priest , Withdraw thine hand .
And Jehoram reigned in his stead in the second year of Jehoram the son of Jehoshaphat king of Judah ; because he had no son .
10 : 27 And of the sons of Zattu ; Elioenai , Eliashib , Mattaniah , and Jeremoth , and Zabad , and Aziza .
18 : 6 As soon then as he had said unto them , I am he , they went backward , and fell to the ground .
Might not the evening end in a dance ?
for ye love the uppermost seats in the synagogues , and greetings in the markets .
42 : 2 And he said , Behold , I have heard that there is corn in Egypt : get you down thither , and buy for us from thence ; that we may live , and not die .
7 : 36 And one of the Pharisees desired him that he would eat with him .
50 : 42 They shall hold the bow and the lance : they are cruel , and will not shew mercy : their voice shall roar like the sea , and they shall ride upon horses , every one put in array , like a man to the battle , against thee , O daughter of Babylon .
The LORD make the woman that is come into thine house like Rachel and like Leah , which two did build the house of Israel : and do thou worthily in Ephratah , and be famous in Bethlehem : 4 : 12 And let thy house be like the house of Pharez , whom Tamar bare unto Judah , of the seed which the LORD shall give thee of this young woman .
89 : 1 I will sing of the mercies of the LORD for ever : with my mouth will I make known thy faithfulness to all generations .
said Elinor , unable to be longer silent .
7 : 8 I say therefore to the unmarried and widows , It is good for them if they abide even as I .
107 : 29 He maketh the storm a calm , so that the waves thereof are still .
" He is very obliging ," said Emma ; " but is he sure that Harriet means to marry him ?"
21 : 6 For thou hast made him most blessed for ever : thou hast made him exceeding glad with thy countenance .
Every body who saw it was pleased , but Mr . Elton was in continual raptures , and defended it through every criticism .
14 : 9 Why shouldest thou be as a man astonied , as a mighty man that cannot save ?
" Well , my dear , and did you get there safely ?-- And how did you find my worthy old friend and her daughter ?-- I dare say they must have been very much obliged to you for coming .
12 : 33 And the Egyptians were urgent upon the people , that they might send them out of the land in haste ; for they said , We be all dead men .
9 : 15 So I turned and came down from the mount , and the mount burned with fire : and the two tables of the covenant were in my two hands .
12 : 13 And when the dragon saw that he was cast unto the earth , he persecuted the woman which brought forth the man child .
Perhaps , however , he is kept silent by his fear of offending , and I shall , therefore , give him a hint , by a line to Oxford , that his sister and I both think a letter of proper submission from him , addressed perhaps to Fanny , and by her shewn to her mother , might not be taken amiss ; for we all know the tenderness of Mrs . Ferrars ' s heart , and that she wishes for nothing so much as to be on good terms with her children ."
21 : 27 Wherefore they that speak in proverbs say , Come into Heshbon , let the city of Sihon be built and prepared : 21 : 28 For there is a fire gone out of Heshbon , a flame from the city of Sihon : it hath consumed Ar of Moab , and the lords of the high places of Arnon .
24 : 15 When ye therefore shall see the abomination of desolation , spoken of by Daniel the prophet , stand in the holy place , ( whoso readeth , let him understand :) 24 : 16 Then let them which be in Judaea flee into the mountains : 24 : 17 Let him which is on the housetop not come down to take any thing out of his house : 24 : 18 Neither let him which is in the field return back to take his clothes .
The rich brother - in - law near Bristol was the pride of the alliance , and his place and his carriages were the pride of him .
is he a pleasant child ?
One cannot resolve upon them in a hurry .
8 : 1 Then spake Elisha unto the woman , whose son he had restored to life , saying , Arise , and go thou and thine household , and sojourn wheresoever thou canst sojourn : for the LORD hath called for a famine ; and it shall also come upon the land seven years .
" You are very obliging .-- Frank will be extremely happy , I am sure .-- He is to be in town next week , if not sooner .
Mr . Weston -- ( laughing affectedly ) I must protest against that .-- A most dangerous precedent indeed !-- I beg you will not let your neighbours follow your example .-- Upon my word , if this is what I am to expect , we married women must begin to exert ourselves !-- Oh !
The ivory , the gold , and the pearls , all received their appointment , and the gentleman having named the last day on which his existence could be continued without the possession of the toothpick - case , drew on his gloves with leisurely care , and bestowing another glance on the Miss Dashwoods , but such a one as seemed rather to demand than express admiration , walked off with a happy air of real conceit and affected indifference .
Wait only till tomorrow ."
3 : 18 The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all .
2 : 29 And Abner and his men walked all that night through the plain , and passed over Jordan , and went through all Bithron , and they came to Mahanaim .
1 : 18 When she saw that she was stedfastly minded to go with her , then she left speaking unto her .
His father only called him a coxcomb , and thought it a very good story ; but that Mrs . Weston did not like it , was clear enough , by her passing it over as quickly as possible , and making no other comment than that " all young people would have their little whims ."
17 : 8 If there arise a matter too hard for thee in judgment , between blood and blood , between plea and plea , and between stroke and stroke , being matters of controversy within thy gates : then shalt thou arise , and get thee up into the place which the LORD thy God shall choose ; 17 : 9 And thou shalt come unto the priests the Levites , and unto the judge that shall be in those days , and enquire ; and they shall shew thee the sentence of judgment : 17 : 10 And thou shalt do according to the sentence , which they of that place which the LORD shall choose shall shew thee ; and thou shalt observe to do according to all that they inform thee : 17 : 11 According to the sentence of the law which they shall teach thee , and according to the judgment which they shall tell thee , thou shalt do : thou shalt not decline from the sentence which they shall shew thee , to the right hand , nor to the left .
You may see the end of the house .
17 : 19 And the woman took and spread a covering over the well ' s mouth , and spread ground corn thereon ; and the thing was not known .
19 : 33 And as they were loosing the colt , the owners thereof said unto them , Why loose ye the colt ?
" Upon my soul it is ,"-- was his answer , with a warmth which brought all the former Willoughby to her remembrance , and in spite of herself made her think him sincere .
I do not know her , even by sight ."
33 : 44 And they departed from Oboth , and pitched in Ijeabarim , in the border of Moab .
I know thy pride , and the naughtiness of thine heart ; for thou art come down that thou mightest see the battle .
29 : 19 The meek also shall increase their joy in the LORD , and the poor among men shall rejoice in the Holy One of Israel .
9 : 6 And a bastard shall dwell in Ashdod , and I will cut off the pride of the Philistines .
He was so much displeased , that it was longer than usual before he came to Hartfield again ; and when they did meet , his grave looks shewed that she was not forgiven .
And they answered , Let the ark of the God of Israel be carried about unto Gath .
6 : 7 And thou hast also appointed prophets to preach of thee at Jerusalem , saying , There is a king in Judah : and now shall it be reported to the king according to these words .
" Are you going back to town ?"
3 : 8 Let them curse it that curse the day , who are ready to raise up their mourning .
119 : 8 I will keep thy statutes : O forsake me not utterly .
3 : 21 And the sons of Hananiah ; Pelatiah , and Jesaiah : the sons of Rephaiah , the sons of Arnan , the sons of Obadiah , the sons of Shechaniah .
5 : 17 Therefore if any man be in Christ , he is a new creature : old things are passed away ; behold , all things are become new .
Presently the carriage stopt ; she looked up ; it was stopt by Mr . and Mrs . Weston , who were standing to speak to her .
48 : 26 And by the border of Issachar , from the east side unto the west side , Zebulun a portion .
3 : 13 The remnant of Israel shall not do iniquity , nor speak lies ; neither shall a deceitful tongue be found in their mouth : for they shall feed and lie down , and none shall make them afraid .
14 : 2 And Jeroboam said to his wife , Arise , I pray thee , and disguise thyself , that thou be not known to be the wife of Jeroboam ; and get thee to Shiloh : behold , there is Ahijah the prophet , which told me that I should be king over this people .
9 : 24 So there was hail , and fire mingled with the hail , very grievous , such as there was none like it in all the land of Egypt since it became a nation .
4 : 37 And because he loved thy fathers , therefore he chose their seed after them , and brought thee out in his sight with his mighty power out of Egypt ; 4 : 38 To drive out nations from before thee greater and mightier than thou art , to bring thee in , to give thee their land for an inheritance , as it is this day .
24 : 25 And as he reasoned of righteousness , temperance , and judgment to come , Felix trembled , and answered , Go thy way for this time ; when I have a convenient season , I will call for thee .
The event had every promise of happiness for her friend .
2 : 14 Then I went on to the gate of the fountain , and to the king ' s pool : but there was no place for the beast that was under me to pass .
1 : 23 And the evening and the morning were the fifth day .
18 : 9 And Jethro rejoiced for all the goodness which the LORD had done to Israel , whom he had delivered out of the hand of the Egyptians .
And the LORD said unto David , Go , and smite the Philistines , and save Keilah .
14 : 28 At the end of three years thou shalt bring forth all the tithe of thine increase the same year , and shalt lay it up within thy gates : 14 : 29 And the Levite , ( because he hath no part nor inheritance with thee ,) and the stranger , and the fatherless , and the widow , which are within thy gates , shall come , and shall eat and be satisfied ; that the LORD thy God may bless thee in all the work of thine hand which thou doest .
She had nothing to say one day that she had not said the day before .
94 : 4 How long shall they utter and speak hard things ?
119 : 94 I am thine , save me : for I have sought thy precepts .
She was married -- married against her inclination to my brother .
but mercy and truth shall be to them that devise good .
Mr . Woodhouse considered eight persons at dinner together as the utmost that his nerves could bear -- and here would be a ninth -- and Emma apprehended that it would be a ninth very much out of humour at not being able to come even to Hartfield for forty - eight hours without falling in with a dinner - party .
" You have heard of a certain Frank Churchill , I presume ," he continued -- " and know him to be my son , though he does not bear my name ."
15 : 32 Then Jesus called his disciples unto him , and said , I have compassion on the multitude , because they continue with me now three days , and have nothing to eat : and I will not send them away fasting , lest they faint in the way .
He had expressed himself as to coming , with more than common certainty .
50 : 22 Now consider this , ye that forget God , lest I tear you in pieces , and there be none to deliver .
1 : 8 My son , hear the instruction of thy father , and forsake not the law of thy mother : 1 : 9 For they shall be an ornament of grace unto thy head , and chains about thy neck .
The selfish sagacity of the latter , which had at first drawn Robert into the scrape , was the principal instrument of his deliverance from it ; for her respectful humility , assiduous attentions , and endless flatteries , as soon as the smallest opening was given for their exercise , reconciled Mrs . Ferrars to his choice , and re - established him completely in her favour .
saith the LORD : will ye not tremble at my presence , which have placed the sand for the bound of the sea by a perpetual decree , that it cannot pass it : and though the waves thereof toss themselves , yet can they not prevail ; though they roar , yet can they not pass over it ?
And they went unto their own home .
And he took them , and went aside privately into a desert place belonging to the city called Bethsaida .
11 : 20 And the sister of Tahpenes bare him Genubath his son , whom Tahpenes weaned in Pharaoh ' s house : and Genubath was in Pharaoh ' s household among the sons of Pharaoh .
But ( with a reproachful smile at Emma ) she receives attentions from Mrs . Elton , which nobody else pays her ."
Whatever Marianne was desirous of , her mother would be eager to promote -- she could not expect to influence the latter to cautiousness of conduct in an affair respecting which she had never been able to inspire her with distrust ; and she dared not explain the motive of her own disinclination for going to London .
They laugh at our play , And soon they all say , " Such , such were the joys When we all -- girls and boys -- In our youth - time were seen On the echoing Green ."
6 : 3 And Jesus went up into a mountain , and there he sat with his disciples .
I am not more alarmed about little Charles now than he is .
6 : 1 And it came to pass in the four hundred and eightieth year after the children of Israel were come out of the land of Egypt , in the fourth year of Solomon ' s reign over Israel , in the month Zif , which is the second month , that he began to build the house of the LORD .
20 : 40 And as thy servant was busy here and there , he was gone .
It was added because of transgressions , till the seed should come to whom the promise was made ; and it was ordained by angels in the hand of a mediator .
14 : 10 All the land shall be turned as a plain from Geba to Rimmon south of Jerusalem : and it shall be lifted up , and inhabited in her place , from Benjamin ' s gate unto the place of the first gate , unto the corner gate , and from the tower of Hananeel unto the king ' s winepresses .
3 : 14 And Elisha said , As the LORD of hosts liveth , before whom I stand , surely , were it not that I regard the presence of Jehoshaphat the king of Judah , I would not look toward thee , nor see thee .
6 : 3 But when thou doest alms , let not thy left hand know what thy right hand doeth : 6 : 4 That thine alms may be in secret : and thy Father which seeth in secret himself shall reward thee openly .
" Pray , Emma ," said he , " may I ask in what lay the great amusement , the poignant sting of the last word given to you and Miss Fairfax ?
The next morning brought Mr . Frank Churchill again .
11 : 42 And I knew that thou hearest me always : but because of the people which stand by I said it , that they may believe that thou hast sent me .
84 : 2 My soul longeth , yea , even fainteth for the courts of the LORD : my heart and my flesh crieth out for the living God .
10 : 33 The Jews answered him , saying , For a good work we stone thee not ; but for blasphemy ; and because that thou , being a man , makest thyself God .
22 : 2 And if thy brother be not nigh unto thee , or if thou know him not , then thou shalt bring it unto thine own house , and it shall be with thee until thy brother seek after it , and thou shalt restore it to him again .
1 : 43 And he straitly charged him , and forthwith sent him away ; 1 : 44 And saith unto him , See thou say nothing to any man : but go thy way , shew thyself to the priest , and offer for thy cleansing those things which Moses commanded , for a testimony unto them .
15 : 12 Now if Christ be preached that he rose from the dead , how say some among you that there is no resurrection of the dead ?
9 : 10 All the sinners of my people shall die by the sword , which say , The evil shall not overtake nor prevent us .
" I have not had the pleasure of visiting in Camden Place so long ," replied he , " without knowing something of Miss Anne Elliot ; and I do regard her as one who is too modest for the world in general to be aware of half her accomplishments , and too highly accomplished for modesty to be natural in any other woman ."
14 : 24 And he said unto them , This is my blood of the new testament , which is shed for many .
10 : 7 And when all the men of Israel that were in the valley saw that they fled , and that Saul and his sons were dead , then they forsook their cities , and fled : and the Philistines came and dwelt in them .
When the Crofts called this morning , ( they called here afterwards , did not they ?
" I believe you are right , my love ; it will be better that there should by no annuity in the case ; whatever I may give them occasionally will be of far greater assistance than a yearly allowance , because they would only enlarge their style of living if they felt sure of a larger income , and would not be sixpence the richer for it at the end of the year .
12 : 3 But the high places were not taken away : the people still sacrificed and burnt incense in the high places .
10 : 10 As my hand hath found the kingdoms of the idols , and whose graven images did excel them of Jerusalem and of Samaria ; 10 : 11 Shall I not , as I have done unto Samaria and her idols , so do to Jerusalem and her idols ?
13 : 32 And we declare unto you glad tidings , how that the promise which was made unto the fathers , 13 : 33 God hath fulfilled the same unto us their children , in that he hath raised up Jesus again ; as it is also written in the second psalm , Thou art my Son , this day have I begotten thee .
Every moment had brought a fresh surprize ; and every surprize must be matter of humiliation to her .-- How to understand it all !
13 : 24 Simon Peter therefore beckoned to him , that he should ask who it should be of whom he spake .
15 : 48 As is the earthy , such are they also that are earthy : and as is the heavenly , such are they also that are heavenly .
6 : 18 And will be a Father unto you , and ye shall be my sons and daughters , saith the Lord Almighty .
8 : 12 And the Levites shall lay their hands upon the heads of the bullocks : and thou shalt offer the one for a sin offering , and the other for a burnt offering , unto the LORD , to make an atonement for the Levites .
12 : 48 He that rejecteth me , and receiveth not my words , hath one that judgeth him : the word that I have spoken , the same shall judge him in the last day .
" I have no doubt of his being a most amiable young man .
19 : 14 Thou shalt not curse the deaf , nor put a stumblingblock before the blind , but shalt fear thy God : I am the LORD .
20 : 6 Though his excellency mount up to the heavens , and his head reach unto the clouds ; 20 : 7 Yet he shall perish for ever like his own dung : they which have seen him shall say , Where is he ?
7 : 29 Cut off thine hair , O Jerusalem , and cast it away , and take up a lamentation on high places ; for the LORD hath rejected and forsaken the generation of his wrath .
1 : 6 And the young man that told him said , As I happened by chance upon mount Gilboa , behold , Saul leaned upon his spear ; and , lo , the chariots and horsemen followed hard after him .
119 : 69 The proud have forged a lie against me : but I will keep thy precepts with my whole heart .
58 : 5 Is it such a fast that I have chosen ?
31 : 24 And there shall dwell in Judah itself , and in all the cities thereof together , husbandmen , and they that go forth with flocks .
Nobody could tell .
30 : 13 There is none to plead thy cause , that thou mayest be bound up : thou hast no healing medicines .
3 : 19 Husbands , love your wives , and be not bitter against them .
25 : 3 Six years thou shalt sow thy field , and six years thou shalt prune thy vineyard , and gather in the fruit thereof ; 25 : 4 But in the seventh year shall be a sabbath of rest unto the land , a sabbath for the LORD : thou shalt neither sow thy field , nor prune thy vineyard .
1 : 6 And God said , Let there be a firmament in the midst of the waters , and let it divide the waters from the waters .
Their means were as different as their objects , and equally suited to the advancement of each .
But hardly had she so spoken , when she found her brother was civilly offering a seat in his carriage , if the weather were Mr . Elton ' s only objection , and Mr . Elton actually accepting the offer with much prompt satisfaction .
22 : 16 And the king said unto him , How many times shall I adjure thee that thou tell me nothing but that which is true in the name of the LORD ?
119 : 65 Thou hast dealt well with thy servant , O LORD , according unto thy word .
Mrs . Jennings directly gave her the gratifying assurance that she certainly would NOT , and Miss Steele was made completely happy .
16 : 15 In the twenty and seventh year of Asa king of Judah did Zimri reign seven days in Tirzah .
" If I had not persuaded Harriet into liking the man , I could have borne any thing .
Sir John was delighted ; for to a man , whose prevailing anxiety was the dread of being alone , the acquisition of two , to the number of inhabitants in London , was something .
107 : 20 He sent his word , and healed them , and delivered them from their destructions .
6 : 12 All things are lawful unto me , but all things are not expedient : all things are lawful for me , but I will not be brought under the power of any .
THE LITTLE BOY FOUND
Elinor , pleased to have her governed for a moment by such a motive , though believing it hardly possible that she could sit out the dinner , said no more ; and adjusting her dress for her as well as she could , while Marianne still remained on the bed , was ready to assist her into the dining room as soon as they were summoned to it .
23 : 18 Thou shalt not offer the blood of my sacrifice with leavened bread ; neither shall the fat of my sacrifice remain until the morning .
25 : 2 And they called the people unto the sacrifices of their gods : and the people did eat , and bowed down to their gods .
And he knew her again no more .
9 : 41 For whosoever shall give you a cup of water to drink in my name , because ye belong to Christ , verily I say unto you , he shall not lose his reward .
36 : 17 Therefore he brought upon them the king of the Chaldees , who slew their young men with the sword in the house of their sanctuary , and had no compassion upon young man or maiden , old man , or him that stooped for age : he gave them all into his hand .
137 : 6 If I do not remember thee , let my tongue cleave to the roof of my mouth ; if I prefer not Jerusalem above my chief joy .
5 : 14 His hands are as gold rings set with the beryl : his belly is as bright ivory overlaid with sapphires .
33 : 6 Let Reuben live , and not die ; and let not his men be few .
3 : 10 Wherefore I was grieved with that generation , and said , They do alway err in their heart ; and they have not known my ways .
27 : 9 Then was fulfilled that which was spoken by Jeremy the prophet , saying , And they took the thirty pieces of silver , the price of him that was valued , whom they of the children of Israel did value ; 27 : 10 And gave them for the potter ' s field , as the Lord appointed me .
22 : 26 The meek shall eat and be satisfied : they shall praise the LORD that seek him : your heart shall live for ever .
Well , pretty good news , is not it ?
He contrived that she should be seated by him ; and was sufficiently employed in looking out the best baked apple for her , and trying to make her help or advise him in his work , till Jane Fairfax was quite ready to sit down to the pianoforte again .
The woods and walks thickly covered with dead leaves ."
16 : 10 I clothed thee also with broidered work , and shod thee with badgers ' skin , and I girded thee about with fine linen , and I covered thee with silk .
15 : 13 Now the God of hope fill you with all joy and peace in believing , that ye may abound in hope , through the power of the Holy Ghost .
" You are silent , Miss Fairfax -- but I hope you mean to take an interest in this news .
as to being Anne ' s acquaintance ," said Mary , " I think he is rather my acquaintance , for I have been seeing him every day this last fortnight ."
My greatest danger , perhaps , in housekeeping , may be quite the other way , in doing too much , and being too careless of expense .
She still intended him for her friend .
9 : 32 Now therefore , our God , the great , the mighty , and the terrible God , who keepest covenant and mercy , let not all the trouble seem little before thee , that hath come upon us , on our kings , on our princes , and on our priests , and on our prophets , and on our fathers , and on all thy people , since the time of the kings of Assyria unto this day .
23 : 36 Seven days ye shall offer an offering made by fire unto the LORD : on the eighth day shall be an holy convocation unto you ; and ye shall offer an offering made by fire unto the LORD : it is a solemn assembly ; and ye shall do no servile work therein .
5 : 6 And they shall waste the land of Assyria with the sword , and the land of Nimrod in the entrances thereof : thus shall he deliver us from the Assyrian , when he cometh into our land , and when he treadeth within our borders .
And they went to another village .
17 : 13 And Joshua discomfited Amalek and his people with the edge of the sword .
The same time also did Libnah revolt from under his hand ; because he had forsaken the LORD God of his fathers .
You will not like the noise ."
15 : 10 And he called the multitude , and said unto them , Hear , and understand : 15 : 11 Not that which goeth into the mouth defileth a man ; but that which cometh out of the mouth , this defileth a man .
14 : 21 He that despiseth his neighbour sinneth : but he that hath mercy on the poor , happy is he .
While they were thus comfortably occupied , Mr . Woodhouse was enjoying a full flow of happy regrets and fearful affection with his daughter .
And wherefore slew he him ?
2 : 5 And if thy oblation be a meat offering baken in a pan , it shall be of fine flour unleavened , mingled with oil .
6 : 23 And he sware unto her , Whatsoever thou shalt ask of me , I will give it thee , unto the half of my kingdom .
26 : 15 Thus saith the Lord GOD to Tyrus ; Shall not the isles shake at the sound of thy fall , when the wounded cry , when the slaughter is made in the midst of thee ?
12 : 6 And Samuel said unto the people , It is the LORD that advanced Moses and Aaron , and that brought your fathers up out of the land of Egypt .
14 : 19 And he blessed him , and said , Blessed be Abram of the most high God , possessor of heaven and earth : 14 : 20 And blessed be the most high God , which hath delivered thine enemies into thy hand .
13 : 9 Have ye not cast out the priests of the LORD , the sons of Aaron , and the Levites , and have made you priests after the manner of the nations of other lands ?
She observed in a low voice , to her mother , that they were probably going down to Mr . Pratt ' s , near Plymouth .
10 : 15 So shall Bethel do unto you because of your great wickedness : in a morning shall the king of Israel utterly be cut off .
104 : 34 My meditation of him shall be sweet : I will be glad in the LORD .
34 : 16 And Shaphan carried the book to the king , and brought the king word back again , saying , All that was committed to thy servants , they do it .
They did not always think alike .
8 : 18 And he brought the ram for the burnt offering : and Aaron and his sons laid their hands upon the head of the ram .
4 : 16 Let us therefore come boldly unto the throne of grace , that we may obtain mercy , and find grace to help in time of need .
8 : 11 For the LORD spake thus to me with a strong hand , and instructed me that I should not walk in the way of this people , saying , 8 : 12 Say ye not , A confederacy , to all them to whom this people shall say , A confederacy ; neither fear ye their fear , nor be afraid .
23 : 24 And they shall come against thee with chariots , wagons , and wheels , and with an assembly of people , which shall set against thee buckler and shield and helmet round about : and I will set judgment before them , and they shall judge thee according to their judgments .
7 : 32 Therefore , behold , the days come , saith the LORD , that it shall no more be called Tophet , nor the valley of the son of Hinnom , but the valley of slaughter : for they shall bury in Tophet , till there be no place .
3 : 17 And thou hast removed my soul far off from peace : I forgat prosperity .
What instances must pass before them of ardent , disinterested , self - denying attachment , of heroism , fortitude , patience , resignation : of all the conflicts and all the sacrifices that ennoble us most .
They were stopping , however , in the first place at Mrs . Bates ' s ; whose house was a little nearer Randalls than Ford ' s ; and had all but knocked , when Emma caught their eye .-- Immediately they crossed the road and came forward to her ; and the agreeableness of yesterday ' s engagement seemed to give fresh pleasure to the present meeting .
6 : 25 And when they had found him on the other side of the sea , they said unto him , Rabbi , when camest thou hither ?
yes , my dear , I dare say you might , because you know , the door was open , and the window was open , and Mr . Knightley spoke loud .
I have some notion of putting such a trimming as this to my white and silver poplin .
6 : 5 Doth the wild ass bray when he hath grass ?
4 : 24 Which things are an allegory : for these are the two covenants ; the one from the mount Sinai , which gendereth to bondage , which is Agar .
I am no dancer ."
10 : 19 Now therefore call unto me all the prophets of Baal , all his servants , and all his priests ; let none be wanting : for I have a great sacrifice to do to Baal ; whosoever shall be wanting , he shall not live .
37 : 25 And they shall dwell in the land that I have given unto Jacob my servant , wherein your fathers have dwelt ; and they shall dwell therein , even they , and their children , and their children ' s children for ever : and my servant David shall be their prince for ever .
Elinor had often wished for an opportunity of attempting to weaken her mother ' s dependence on the attachment of Edward and herself , that the shock might be less when the whole truth were revealed , and now on this attack , though almost hopeless of success , she forced herself to begin her design by saying , as calmly as she could , " I like Edward Ferrars very much , and shall always be glad to see him ; but as to the rest of the family , it is a matter of perfect indifference to me , whether I am ever known to them or not ."
51 : 11 Cast me not away from thy presence ; and take not thy holy spirit from me .
Mrs . Elton left them no choice .
5 : 13 His cheeks are as a bed of spices , as sweet flowers : his lips like lilies , dropping sweet smelling myrrh .
Every door was now closed , the passage plan given up , and the first scheme of dancing only in the room they were in resorted to again ; and with such good - will on Frank Churchill ' s part , that the space which a quarter of an hour before had been deemed barely sufficient for five couple , was now endeavoured to be made out quite enough for ten .
18 : 19 He shall neither have son nor nephew among his people , nor any remaining in his dwellings .
22 : 18 But Jesus perceived their wickedness , and said , Why tempt ye me , ye hypocrites ?
54 : 11 O thou afflicted , tossed with tempest , and not comforted , behold , I will lay thy stones with fair colours , and lay thy foundations with sapphires .
She checked herself just in time .
A good place is not it ?
3 : 3 Then the princes , the governors , and captains , the judges , the treasurers , the counsellors , the sheriffs , and all the rulers of the provinces , were gathered together unto the dedication of the image that Nebuchadnezzar the king had set up ; and they stood before the image that Nebuchadnezzar had set up .
7 : 15 And I will cast you out of my sight , as I have cast out all your brethren , even the whole seed of Ephraim .
2 : 6 Therefore , behold , I will hedge up thy way with thorns , and make a wall , that she shall not find her paths .
4 : 16 And the man said unto Eli , I am he that came out of the army , and I fled to day out of the army .
12 : 20 Ye shall eat nothing leavened ; in all your habitations shall ye eat unleavened bread .
She would not have been obstinate if I had not been weak .
2 : 6 And so it was , that , while they were there , the days were accomplished that she should be delivered .
I am sure I had not .
27 : 14 But not long after there arose against it a tempestuous wind , called Euroclydon .
that thou shalt say unto him , By strength of hand the LORD brought us out from Egypt , from the house of bondage : 13 : 15 And it came to pass , when Pharaoh would hardly let us go , that the LORD slew all the firstborn in the land of Egypt , both the firstborn of man , and the firstborn of beast : therefore I sacrifice to the LORD all that openeth the matrix , being males ; but all the firstborn of my children I redeem .
5 : 16 And they dwelt in Gilead in Bashan , and in her towns , and in all the suburbs of Sharon , upon their borders .
And the rest will I set in order when I come .
11 : 5 For I suppose I was not a whit behind the very chiefest apostles .
32 : 12 And thou saidst , I will surely do thee good , and make thy seed as the sand of the sea , which cannot be numbered for multitude .
Her narration was clear and simple ; and though it could not be given without emotion , it was not accompanied by violent agitation , nor impetuous grief .-- THAT belonged rather to the hearer , for Marianne listened with horror , and cried excessively .
And all that dwelt in the house of Ziba were servants unto Mephibosheth .
20 : 34 Yea , ye yourselves know , that these hands have ministered unto my necessities , and to them that were with me .
She must wait a moment , or he would think her mad .
22 : 1 Then Eliphaz the Temanite answered and said , 22 : 2 Can a man be profitable unto God , as he that is wise may be profitable unto himself ?
" But she raises none in those most concerned .
5 : 18 We know that whosoever is born of God sinneth not ; but he that is begotten of God keepeth himself , and that wicked one toucheth him not .
I should not be helped so soon , but it smells most excellent , and I cannot help beginning ."
20 : 5 Again he went out about the sixth and ninth hour , and did likewise .
She gave him a short account of her party and business at Lyme .
And they came into the country of Moab , and continued there .
31 : 4 Doth not he see my ways , and count all my steps ?
25 : 20 O keep my soul , and deliver me : let me not be ashamed ; for I put my trust in thee .
for the very moment Mr . Cole told Mrs . Cole of it , she sat down and wrote to me .
20 : 5 And they reasoned with themselves , saying , If we shall say , From heaven ; he will say , Why then believed ye him not ?
Not to wait upon a bride is very remiss .
I shall not lose you so soon , and Edward will have greater opportunity of improving that natural taste for your favourite pursuit which must be so indispensably necessary to your future felicity .
31 : 46 And Jacob said unto his brethren , Gather stones ; and they took stones , and made an heap : and they did eat there upon the heap .
18 : 13 Otherwise I should have wrought falsehood against mine own life : for there is no matter hid from the king , and thou thyself wouldest have set thyself against me .
18 : 28 And there was no deliverer , because it was far from Zidon , and they had no business with any man ; and it was in the valley that lieth by Bethrehob .
" Nothing can be actually settled yet , perhaps ," replied Emma , smiling --" but , excuse me , it must be thought of ."
4 : 19 But Peter and John answered and said unto them , Whether it be right in the sight of God to hearken unto you more than unto God , judge ye .
Sir John wanted the whole family to walk to the Park directly and look at his guests .
9 : 7 And Parshandatha , and Dalphon , and Aspatha , 9 : 8 And Poratha , and Adalia , and Aridatha , 9 : 9 And Parmashta , and Arisai , and Aridai , and Vajezatha , 9 : 10 The ten sons of Haman the son of Hammedatha , the enemy of the Jews , slew they ; but on the spoil laid they not their hand .
Every report agreed in Captain Wentworth ' s appearing fixed in Lyme .
9 : 3 Thou hast multiplied the nation , and not increased the joy : they joy before thee according to the joy in harvest , and as men rejoice when they divide the spoil .
On one side was a table occupied by some chattering girls , cutting up silk and gold paper ; and on the other were tressels and trays , bending under the weight of brawn and cold pies , where riotous boys were holding high revel ; the whole completed by a roaring Christmas fire , which seemed determined to be heard , in spite of all the noise of the others .
CHAPTER II
She could not endure the idea of treachery or levity , or anything akin to ill usage between him and his friend .
2 : 6 Sufficient to such a man is this punishment , which was inflicted of many .
Mrs . Weston was looking so ill , and had an air of so much perturbation , that Emma ' s uneasiness increased ; and the moment they were alone , she eagerly said ,
2 : 6 But ye have despised the poor .
" I am glad you think I have been useful to her ; but Harriet only wanted drawing out , and receiving a few , very few hints .
I never was at his house ; but they say it is a sweet pretty place ."
If you value her conduct or happiness , infuse as much of your own spirit into her as you can .
41 : 9 The thickness of the wall , which was for the side chamber without , was five cubits : and that which was left was the place of the side chambers that were within .
14 : 41 And Moses said , Wherefore now do ye transgress the commandment of the LORD ?
17 : 20 And Jesus said unto them , Because of your unbelief : for verily I say unto you , If ye have faith as a grain of mustard seed , ye shall say unto this mountain , Remove hence to yonder place ; and it shall remove ; and nothing shall be impossible unto you .
16 : 28 And the LORD said unto Moses , How long refuse ye to keep my commandments and my laws ?
19 : 16 Then came the first , saying , Lord , thy pound hath gained ten pounds .
20 : 45 Moreover the word of the LORD came unto me , saying , 20 : 46 Son of man , set thy face toward the south , and drop thy word toward the south , and prophesy against the forest of the south field ; 20 : 47 And say to the forest of the south , Hear the word of the LORD ; Thus saith the Lord GOD ; Behold , I will kindle a fire in thee , and it shall devour every green tree in thee , and every dry tree : the flaming flame shall not be quenched , and all faces from the south to the north shall be burned therein .
" There we differ , Mary ," said Anne .
Emma was a good deal surprized ; but begged her to speak .
10 : 18 No man taketh it from me , but I lay it down of myself .
32 : 5 The vile person shall be no more called liberal , nor the churl said to be bountiful .
They were both so truly respectable in their happiness , so disinterested in every sensation ; thought so much of Jane ; so much of every body , and so little of themselves , that every kindly feeling was at work for them .
and when he visiteth , what shall I answer him ?
20 : 18 And Edom said unto him , Thou shalt not pass by me , lest I come out against thee with the sword .
31 : 18 And he gave unto Moses , when he had made an end of communing with him upon mount Sinai , two tables of testimony , tables of stone , written with the finger of God .
19 : 19 Many of them also which used curious arts brought their books together , and burned them before all men : and they counted the price of them , and found it fifty thousand pieces of silver .
6 : 11 And we desire that every one of you do shew the same diligence to the full assurance of hope unto the end : 6 : 12 That ye be not slothful , but followers of them who through faith and patience inherit the promises .
13 : 6 If thy brother , the son of thy mother , or thy son , or thy daughter , or the wife of thy bosom , or thy friend , which is as thine own soul , entice thee secretly , saying , Let us go and serve other gods , which thou hast not known , thou , nor thy fathers ; 13 : 7 Namely , of the gods of the people which are round about you , nigh unto thee , or far off from thee , from the one end of the earth even unto the other end of the earth ; 13 : 8 Thou shalt not consent unto him , nor hearken unto him ; neither shall thine eye pity him , neither shalt thou spare , neither shalt thou conceal him : 13 : 9 But thou shalt surely kill him ; thine hand shall be first upon him to put him to death , and afterwards the hand of all the people .
Excepting yourself and your brother , I do not know his equal for temper .
13 : 24 Another parable put he forth unto them , saying , The kingdom of heaven is likened unto a man which sowed good seed in his field : 13 : 25 But while men slept , his enemy came and sowed tares among the wheat , and went his way .
14 : 15 If ye love me , keep my commandments .
5 : 19 And the officers of the children of Israel did see that they were in evil case , after it was said , Ye shall not minish ought from your bricks of your daily task .
16 : 19 And she made him sleep upon her knees ; and she called for a man , and she caused him to shave off the seven locks of his head ; and she began to afflict him , and his strength went from him .
93 : 4 The LORD on high is mightier than the noise of many waters , yea , than the mighty waves of the sea .
17 : 28 Likewise also as it was in the days of Lot ; they did eat , they drank , they bought , they sold , they planted , they builded ; 17 : 29 But the same day that Lot went out of Sodom it rained fire and brimstone from heaven , and destroyed them all .
24 : 3 They drive away the ass of the fatherless , they take the widow ' s ox for a pledge .
Dancing with open windows !-- I am sure , neither your father nor Mrs . Weston ( poor Miss Taylor that was ) would suffer it ."
Whose image and superscription hath it ?
25 : 17 The troubles of my heart are enlarged : O bring thou me out of my distresses .
38 : 25 Who hath divided a watercourse for the overflowing of waters , or a way for the lightning of thunder ; 38 : 26 To cause it to rain on the earth , where no man is ; on the wilderness , wherein there is no man ; 38 : 27 To satisfy the desolate and waste ground ; and to cause the bud of the tender herb to spring forth ?
Miss Bates , deceived by the mock ceremony of her manner , did not immediately catch her meaning ; but , when it burst on her , it could not anger , though a slight blush shewed that it could pain her .
55 : 17 Evening , and morning , and at noon , will I pray , and cry aloud : and he shall hear my voice .
Henrietta was exactly in that state of recently - improved views , of fresh - formed happiness , which made her full of regard and interest for everybody she had ever liked before at all ; and Mrs Musgrove ' s real affection had been won by her usefulness when they were in distress .
4 : 1 From whence come wars and fightings among you ?
in places you see it is dreadfully dirty ; and the wainscot is more yellow and forlorn than any thing I could have imagined ."
The king spake , and said , Belteshazzar , let not the dream , or the interpretation thereof , trouble thee .
9 : 16 For though I preach the gospel , I have nothing to glory of : for necessity is laid upon me ; yea , woe is unto me , if I preach not the gospel !
16 : 11 And the LORD spake unto Moses , saying , 16 : 12 I have heard the murmurings of the children of Israel : speak unto them , saying , At even ye shall eat flesh , and in the morning ye shall be filled with bread ; and ye shall know that I am the LORD your God .
I must order the carriage .
The morning of the interesting day arrived , and Mrs . Weston ' s faithful pupil did not forget either at ten , or eleven , or twelve o ' clock , that she was to think of her at four .
Come , come , this won ' t do .
5 : 3 And not only so , but we glory in tribulations also : knowing that tribulation worketh patience ; 5 : 4 And patience , experience ; and experience , hope : 5 : 5 And hope maketh not ashamed ; because the love of God is shed abroad in our hearts by the Holy Ghost which is given unto us .
31 : 2 Bow down thine ear to me ; deliver me speedily : be thou my strong rock , for an house of defence to save me .
33 : 20 Our soul waiteth for the LORD : he is our help and our shield .
21 : 1 And the LORD visited Sarah as he had said , and the LORD did unto Sarah as he had spoken .
On the contrary , when he saw more of Captain Wentworth , saw him repeatedly by daylight , and eyed him well , he was very much struck by his personal claims , and felt that his superiority of appearance might be not unfairly balanced against her superiority of rank ; and all this , assisted by his well - sounding name , enabled Sir Walter at last to prepare his pen , with a very good grace , for the insertion of the marriage in the volume of honour .
21 : 17 Then Israel sang this song , Spring up , O well ; sing ye unto it : 21 : 18 The princes digged the well , the nobles of the people digged it , by the direction of the lawgiver , with their staves .
22 : 22 And the key of the house of David will I lay upon his shoulder ; so he shall open , and none shall shut ; and he shall shut , and none shall open .
7 : 22 And the LORD thy God will put out those nations before thee by little and little : thou mayest not consume them at once , lest the beasts of the field increase upon thee .
24 : 29 Say not , I will do so to him as he hath done to me : I will render to the man according to his work .
43 : 8 Bring forth the blind people that have eyes , and the deaf that have ears .
60 : 3 And the Gentiles shall come to thy light , and kings to the brightness of thy rising .
33 : 41 And they departed from mount Hor , and pitched in Zalmonah .
A dinner there must be .
" Very nicely dressed , indeed ; a remarkably elegant gown ."
I dare say he will come in when he knows who is here .
8 : 19 And when they shall say unto you , Seek unto them that have familiar spirits , and unto wizards that peep , and that mutter : should not a people seek unto their God ?
Perhaps to Hartfield , perhaps to the Abbey Mill , perhaps into his woods .-- Miss Woodhouse , this is not like our friend Knightley !-- Can you explain it ?"
It seemed as if she had been one moment too late ; and as long as she dared observe , he did not look again : but the performance was recommencing , and she was forced to seem to restore her attention to the orchestra and look straight forward .
those letters are convenient passports .
During his present short stay , Emma had barely seen him ; but just enough to feel that the first meeting was over , and to give her the impression of his not being improved by the mixture of pique and pretension , now spread over his air .
" She is walking , I believe ."
Edward saw enough to comprehend , not only the meaning of others , but such of Marianne ' s expressions as had puzzled him before ; and when their visitors left them , he went immediately round her , and said , in a whisper , " I have been guessing .
14 : 13 And all Israel shall mourn for him , and bury him : for he only of Jeroboam shall come to the grave , because in him there is found some good thing toward the LORD God of Israel in the house of Jeroboam .
Mr . Woodhouse was soon ready for his tea ; and when he had drank his tea he was quite ready to go home ; and it was as much as his three companions could do , to entertain away his notice of the lateness of the hour , before the other gentlemen appeared .
16 : 32 And they spake unto him the word of the Lord , and to all that were in his house .
They all say unto him , Let him be crucified .
35 : 13 Surely God will not hear vanity , neither will the Almighty regard it .
18 : 3 Then I went down to the potter ' s house , and , behold , he wrought a work on the wheels .
Elinor now found the difference between the expectation of an unpleasant event , however certain the mind may be told to consider it , and certainty itself .
1 : 2 And Ahaziah fell down through a lattice in his upper chamber that was in Samaria , and was sick : and he sent messengers , and said unto them , Go , enquire of Baalzebub the god of Ekron whether I shall recover of this disease .
Her removal was impossible .
O when wilt thou come unto me ?
16 : 4 And the third angel poured out his vial upon the rivers and fountains of waters ; and they became blood .
10 : 32 In those days the LORD began to cut Israel short : and Hazael smote them in all the coasts of Israel ; 10 : 33 From Jordan eastward , all the land of Gilead , the Gadites , and the Reubenites , and the Manassites , from Aroer , which is by the river Arnon , even Gilead and Bashan .
11 : 39 And if any beast , of which ye may eat , die ; he that toucheth the carcase thereof shall be unclean until the even .
This was all that was generally known of her history .
for with authority and power he commandeth the unclean spirits , and they come out .
Then all the children of Israel returned , every man to his possession , into their own cities .
Behold , it is laid over with gold and silver , and there is no breath at all in the midst of it .
9 : 8 And now for a little space grace hath been shewed from the LORD our God , to leave us a remnant to escape , and to give us a nail in his holy place , that our God may lighten our eyes , and give us a little reviving in our bondage .
59 : 17 For he put on righteousness as a breastplate , and an helmet of salvation upon his head ; and he put on the garments of vengeance for clothing , and was clad with zeal as a cloak .
Let us have patience .
The disappointment of the evening before seemed forgotten in the expectation of what was to happen that day .
Nothing but real indisposition could occasion this extraordinary delay .
Pray , pray attempt it .
13 : 32 If God be glorified in him , God shall also glorify him in himself , and shall straightway glorify him .
34 : 29 When he giveth quietness , who then can make trouble ?
and is wisdom driven quite from me ?
5 : 7 Nevertheless David took the strong hold of Zion : the same is the city of David .
All things indeed are pure ; but it is evil for that man who eateth with offence .
" My dear Jane , say no more about it .
19 : 22 Whom hast thou reproached and blasphemed ?
Something of a very unpleasant nature , I find , has occurred ;-- do let me know directly what it is .
He wishes exceedingly to come ; but his uncle and aunt will not spare him ."
30 : 16 These are the statutes , which the LORD commanded Moses , between a man and his wife , between the father and his daughter , being yet in her youth in her father ' s house .
" Yes , Marianne , but I would not go while Mrs . Smith was there , and with no other companion than Mr .
21 : 33 Hear another parable : There was a certain householder , which planted a vineyard , and hedged it round about , and digged a winepress in it , and built a tower , and let it out to husbandmen , and went into a far country : 21 : 34 And when the time of the fruit drew near , he sent his servants to the husbandmen , that they might receive the fruits of it .
12 : 17 But he , beckoning unto them with the hand to hold their peace , declared unto them how the Lord had brought him out of the prison .
30 : 1 And thou shalt make an altar to burn incense upon : of shittim wood shalt thou make it .
13 : 8 The ransom of a man ' s life are his riches : but the poor heareth not rebuke .
" Mr . Knightley was there too , was he ?"
That good lady , however , saw only that Marianne had received a letter from Willoughby , which appeared to her a very good joke , and which she treated accordingly , by hoping , with a laugh , that she would find it to her liking .
She liked him , however , upon the whole , much better than she had expected , and in her heart was not sorry that she could like him no more ;-- not sorry to be driven by the observation of his Epicurism , his selfishness , and his conceit , to rest with complacency on the remembrance of Edward ' s generous temper , simple taste , and diffident feelings .
140 : 11 Let not an evil speaker be established in the earth : evil shall hunt the violent man to overthrow him .
" Can you , ma ' am ?"
38 : 4 And she conceived again , and bare a son ; and she called his name Onan .
But why be acquainted with us now ?"
INFANT JOY
10 : 26 And afterward Joshua smote them , and slew them , and hanged them on five trees : and they were hanging upon the trees until the evening .
She had had three weeks of happy exemption from Mr . Elton ; and Harriet ' s mind , she had been willing to hope , had been lately gaining strength .
You misled me by the term gentleman .
119 : 43 And take not the word of truth utterly out of my mouth ; for I have hoped in thy judgments .
12 : 13 The wicked is snared by the transgression of his lips : but the just shall come out of trouble .
23 : 54 And that day was the preparation , and the sabbath drew on .
Uppercross excited no interest , Kellynch very little : it was all Bath .
from Captain Harville , but from him not a word , nor a look !
89 : 45 The days of his youth hast thou shortened : thou hast covered him with shame .
21 : 11 Moreover he made high places in the mountains of Judah and caused the inhabitants of Jerusalem to commit fornication , and compelled Judah thereto .
" Leave it to me .
She could not endure to give him the true explanation ; for though her suspicions were by no means removed , she was really ashamed of having ever imparted them .
102 : 6 I am like a pelican of the wilderness : I am like an owl of the desert .
how long shall I suffer you ?
You seem to have forgot all about Lyme ."
9 : 2 And he had a son , whose name was Saul , a choice young man , and a goodly : and there was not among the children of Israel a goodlier person than he : from his shoulders and upward he was higher than any of the people .
And as I looked at her , though I never saw her appear to more advantage , it struck me that she was heated , and would therefore be particularly liable to take cold .
3 : 12 And the man said , The woman whom thou gavest to be with me , she gave me of the tree , and I did eat .
5 : 18 Therefore as by the offence of one judgment came upon all men to condemnation ; even so by the righteousness of one the free gift came upon all men unto justification of life .
9 : 11 And when the Pharisees saw it , they said unto his disciples , Why eateth your Master with publicans and sinners ?
She heard of her walking with the Eltons , sitting with the Eltons , spending a day with the Eltons !
However , I am much happier as I am .
exclaimed Mrs Clay , lifting her hands and eyes , and sinking all the rest of her astonishment in a convenient silence .
6 : 15 Therefore shall his calamity come suddenly ; suddenly shall he be broken without remedy .
1 : 9 For God is my witness , whom I serve with my spirit in the gospel of his Son , that without ceasing I make mention of you always in my prayers ; 1 : 10 Making request , if by any means now at length I might have a prosperous journey by the will of God to come unto you .
But at present there was nothing more to be said .
" My dear madam !
He had been too much expected by the best judges , for surprize -- but there was great joy .
" Her sufferings have been very severe .
38 : 19 But mine enemies are lively , and they are strong : and they that hate me wrongfully are multiplied .
19 : 17 And there were a thousand men of Benjamin with him , and Ziba the servant of the house of Saul , and his fifteen sons and his twenty servants with him ; and they went over Jordan before the king .
13 : 5 ( And the LORD gave Israel a saviour , so that they went out from under the hand of the Syrians : and the children of Israel dwelt in their tents , as beforetime .
73 : 12 Behold , these are the ungodly , who prosper in the world ; they increase in riches .
15 : 1 And I saw another sign in heaven , great and marvellous , seven angels having the seven last plagues ; for in them is filled up the wrath of God .
She hoped no one could have said to her , " How could you be so unfeeling to your father ?-- I must , I will tell you truths while I can ."
11 : 17 So they strengthened the kingdom of Judah , and made Rehoboam the son of Solomon strong , three years : for three years they walked in the way of David and Solomon .
14 : 5 I will be as the dew unto Israel : he shall grow as the lily , and cast forth his roots as Lebanon .
22 : 11 Ye made also a ditch between the two walls for the water of the old pool : but ye have not looked unto the maker thereof , neither had respect unto him that fashioned it long ago .
41 : 14 So all the people that Ishmael had carried away captive from Mizpah cast about and returned , and went unto Johanan the son of Kareah .
38 : 39 Wilt thou hunt the prey for the lion ?
Poor girl !
She had taken up a wrong idea , fancying it was a mother and daughter , a son and son ' s wife , who all lived together ; but when it appeared that the Mr . Martin , who bore a part in the narrative , and was always mentioned with approbation for his great good - nature in doing something or other , was a single man ; that there was no young Mrs . Martin , no wife in the case ; she did suspect danger to her poor little friend from all this hospitality and kindness , and that , if she were not taken care of , she might be required to sink herself forever .
16 : 11 Thou wilt shew me the path of life : in thy presence is fulness of joy ; at thy right hand there are pleasures for evermore .
The Lord be with you all .
143 : 4 Therefore is my spirit overwhelmed within me ; my heart within me is desolate .
And now , Elinor , what have you to say ?"
12 : 1 Wherefore seeing we also are compassed about with so great a cloud of witnesses , let us lay aside every weight , and the sin which doth so easily beset us , and let us run with patience the race that is set before us , 12 : 2 Looking unto Jesus the author and finisher of our faith ; who for the joy that was set before him endured the cross , despising the shame , and is set down at the right hand of the throne of God .
Call it gossip , if you will , but when Nurse Rooke has half an hour ' s leisure to bestow on me , she is sure to have something to relate that is entertaining and profitable : something that makes one know one ' s species better .
cried Mr .
A variety of occupations , of objects , and of company , which could not be procured at Barton , would be inevitable there , and might yet , she hoped , cheat Marianne , at times , into some interest beyond herself , and even into some amusement , much as the ideas of both might now be spurned by her .
All the surprise and suspense , and every other painful part of the morning dissipated by this conversation , she re - entered the house so happy as to be obliged to find an alloy in some momentary apprehensions of its being impossible to last .
Captain Wentworth was on the watch for them , and a chaise and four in waiting , stationed for their convenience in the lowest part of the street ; but his evident surprise and vexation at the substitution of one sister for the other , the change in his countenance , the astonishment , the expressions begun and suppressed , with which Charles was listened to , made but a mortifying reception of Anne ; or must at least convince her that she was valued only as she could be useful to Louisa .
Anne named them all .
47 : 3 And when the man that had the line in his hand went forth eastward , he measured a thousand cubits , and he brought me through the waters ; the waters were to the ankles .
23 : 8 And when Herod saw Jesus , he was exceeding glad : for he was desirous to see him of a long season , because he had heard many things of him ; and he hoped to have seen some miracle done by him .
or which of my creditors is it to whom I have sold you ?
5 : 15 And he returned to the man of God , he and all his company , and came , and stood before him : and he said , Behold , now I know that there is no God in all the earth , but in Israel : now therefore , I pray thee , take a blessing of thy servant .
And David said , It is my voice , my lord , O king .
31 : 7 In the third month they began to lay the foundation of the heaps , and finished them in the seventh month .
8 : 34 Who is he that condemneth ?
23 : 27 This man was taken of the Jews , and should have been killed of them : then came I with an army , and rescued him , having understood that he was a Roman .
I have a little plan of alteration for your bedrooms too , which may now be performed without any inconvenience to any one .
35 : 6 And among the cities which ye shall give unto the Levites there shall be six cities for refuge , which ye shall appoint for the manslayer , that he may flee thither : and to them ye shall add forty and two cities .
9 : 21 And Joram said , Make ready .
3 : 9 Ethiopia and Egypt were her strength , and it was infinite ; Put and Lubim were thy helpers .
It was well that he took every body ' s joy for granted , or he might not have thought either Mr . Woodhouse or Mr . Knightley particularly delighted .
So they saddled him the ass : and he rode thereon , 13 : 14 And went after the man of God , and found him sitting under an oak : and he said unto him , Art thou the man of God that camest from Judah ?
He saw his son every year in London , and was proud of him ; and his fond report of him as a very fine young man had made Highbury feel a sort of pride in him too .
13 : 8 And the man of God said unto the king , If thou wilt give me half thine house , I will not go in with thee , neither will I eat bread nor drink water in this place : 13 : 9 For so was it charged me by the word of the LORD , saying , Eat no bread , nor drink water , nor turn again by the same way that thou camest .
20 : 17 And when he was come near unto her , the woman said , Art thou Joab ?
" Oh !
36 : 18 Wherefore I poured my fury upon them for the blood that they had shed upon the land , and for their idols wherewith they had polluted it : 36 : 19 And I scattered them among the heathen , and they were dispersed through the countries : according to their way and according to their doings I judged them .
I mean to make my profit of Mrs Wallis , however .
5 : 17 Now therefore , if it seem good to the king , let there be search made in the king ' s treasure house , which is there at Babylon , whether it be so , that a decree was made of Cyrus the king to build this house of God at Jerusalem , and let the king send his pleasure to us concerning this matter .
Emma perceived that the nature of his gallantry was a little self - willed , and that he would rather oppose than lose the pleasure of dancing with her ; but she took the compliment , and forgave the rest .
She had never in her life been more astonished .
They answered and said , Caesar ' s .
1 : 20 Wherefore it came to pass , when the time was come about after Hannah had conceived , that she bare a son , and called his name Samuel , saying , Because I have asked him of the LORD .
or is there any taste in the white of an egg ?
I am very sure myself , that had Willoughby turned out as really amiable , as he has proved himself the contrary , Marianne would yet never have been so happy with HIM , as she will be with Colonel Brandon ."
48 : 39 They shall howl , saying , How is it broken down !
66 : 19 But verily God hath heard me ; he hath attended to the voice of my prayer .
11 : 15 But Jehoiada the priest commanded the captains of the hundreds , the officers of the host , and said unto them , Have her forth without the ranges : and him that followeth her kill with the sword .
16 : 10 For thou wilt not leave my soul in hell ; neither wilt thou suffer thine Holy One to see corruption .
" A very simple one -- to be of use to Mr .
4 : 21 And the LORD said unto Moses , When thou goest to return into Egypt , see that thou do all those wonders before Pharaoh , which I have put in thine hand : but I will harden his heart , that he shall not let the people go .
20 : 34 Now the rest of the acts of Jehoshaphat , first and last , behold , they are written in the book of Jehu the son of Hanani , who is mentioned in the book of the kings of Israel .
said Lucy Steele .
14 : 20 At that day ye shall know that I am in my Father , and ye in me , and I in you .
26 : 21 And if ye walk contrary unto me , and will not hearken unto me ; I will bring seven times more plagues upon you according to your sins .
47 : 26 And Joseph made it a law over the land of Egypt unto this day , that Pharaoh should have the fifth part , except the land of the priests only , which became not Pharaoh ' s .
47 : 3 Thy nakedness shall be uncovered , yea , thy shame shall be seen : I will take vengeance , and I will not meet thee as a man .
11 : 6 Ye have multiplied your slain in this city , and ye have filled the streets thereof with the slain .
10 : 7 And it came to pass , when the letter came to them , that they took the king ' s sons , and slew seventy persons , and put their heads in baskets , and sent him them to Jezreel .
So began Miss Bates ; and Mr . Knightley seemed determined to be heard in his turn , for most resolutely and commandingly did he say ,
But now we see not yet all things put under him .
23 : 18 For who hath stood in the counsel of the LORD , and hath perceived and heard his word ?
Charles came a few hours afterwards , to bring a later and more particular account .
4 : 21 So when they had further threatened them , they let them go , finding nothing how they might punish them , because of the people : for all men glorified God for that which was done .
43 : 9 Let all the nations be gathered together , and let the people be assembled : who among them can declare this , and shew us former things ?
19 : 4 Because they have forsaken me , and have estranged this place , and have burned incense in it unto other gods , whom neither they nor their fathers have known , nor the kings of Judah , and have filled this place with the blood of innocents ; 19 : 5 They have built also the high places of Baal , to burn their sons with fire for burnt offerings unto Baal , which I commanded not , nor spake it , neither came it into my mind : 19 : 6 Therefore , behold , the days come , saith the LORD , that this place shall no more be called Tophet , nor The valley of the son of Hinnom , but The valley of slaughter .
76 : 1 In Judah is God known : his name is great in Israel .
Emma did not find herself equal to give the pleased assent , which no doubt he was in the habit of receiving , to emulate the " Very true , my love ," which must have been usually administered by his travelling companion ; but she had resolution enough to refrain from making any answer at all .
This has always been your doctrine , I am sure ."
12 : 8 For the Son of man is Lord even of the sabbath day .
51 : 26 And they shall not take of thee a stone for a corner , nor a stone for foundations ; but thou shalt be desolate for ever , saith the LORD .
119 : 12 Blessed art thou , O LORD : teach me thy statutes .
10 : 4 The wicked , through the pride of his countenance , will not seek after God : God is not in all his thoughts .
1 : 25 And God made the beast of the earth after his kind , and cattle after their kind , and every thing that creepeth upon the earth after his kind : and God saw that it was good .
" I never should have presumed to think of it at first ," said she , " but for you .
And Azariah the son of Jehoram king of Judah went down to see Jehoram the son of Ahab at Jezreel , because he was sick .
They say unto him , The first .
Mr . and Mrs . Palmer were of the party ; from the former , whom they had not seen before since their arrival in town , as he was careful to avoid the appearance of any attention to his mother - in - law , and therefore never came near her , they received no mark of recognition on their entrance .
56 : 5 Every day they wrest my words : all their thoughts are against me for evil .
2 : 7 Thou madest him a little lower than the angels ; thou crownedst him with glory and honour , and didst set him over the works of thy hands : 2 : 8 Thou hast put all things in subjection under his feet .
And they said , Unto John ' s baptism .
14 : 7 The whole earth is at rest , and is quiet : they break forth into singing .
72 : 19 And blessed be his glorious name for ever : and let the whole earth be filled with his glory ; Amen , and Amen .
44 : 16 He burneth part thereof in the fire ; with part thereof he eateth flesh ; he roasteth roast , and is satisfied : yea , he warmeth himself , and saith , Aha , I am warm , I have seen the fire : 44 : 17 And the residue thereof he maketh a god , even his graven image : he falleth down unto it , and worshippeth it , and prayeth unto it , and saith , Deliver me ; for thou art my god .
14 : 32 And when they were come into the ship , the wind ceased .
9 : 14 And the king commanded it so to be done : and the decree was given at Shushan ; and they hanged Haman ' s ten sons .
" Now he has got my letter ," said she softly .
There the news must follow him , but who was to tell it ?
12 : 7 Then shall the dust return to the earth as it was : and the spirit shall return unto God who gave it .
It holds nine .
25 : 19 Thou sayest , Lo , thou hast smitten the Edomites ; and thine heart lifteth thee up to boast : abide now at home ; why shouldest thou meddle to thine hurt , that thou shouldest fall , even thou , and Judah with thee ?
30 : 2 And Jacob ' s anger was kindled against Rachel : and he said , Am I in God ' s stead , who hath withheld from thee the fruit of the womb ?
6 : 1 Then the LORD said unto Moses , Now shalt thou see what I will do to Pharaoh : for with a strong hand shall he let them go , and with a strong hand shall he drive them out of his land .
The gentlemen spoke of his horse .
Tell me therefore , which of them will love him most ?
17 : 19 Also Judah kept not the commandments of the LORD their God , but walked in the statutes of Israel which they made .
Then she said unto him , Hear the words of thine handmaid .
The visit passed off altogether in high good humour .
19 : 2 And the soldiers platted a crown of thorns , and put it on his head , and they put on him a purple robe , 19 : 3 And said , Hail , King of the Jews !
replied Elinor , " why should you think so ?
25 : 1 These are also proverbs of Solomon , which the men of Hezekiah king of Judah copied out .
1 : 34 And Abraham begat Isaac .
13 : 23 Know ye that our brother Timothy is set at liberty ; with whom , if he come shortly , I will see you .
In the promotion of this object she was zealously active , as far as her ability reached ; and missed no opportunity of projecting weddings among all the young people of her acquaintance .
4 : 8 And other fell on good ground , and did yield fruit that sprang up and increased ; and brought forth , some thirty , and some sixty , and some an hundred .
31 : 25 And the LORD spake unto Moses , saying , 31 : 26 Take the sum of the prey that was taken , both of man and of beast , thou , and Eleazar the priest , and the chief fathers of the congregation : 31 : 27 And divide the prey into two parts ; between them that took the war upon them , who went out to battle , and between all the congregation : 31 : 28 And levy a tribute unto the Lord of the men of war which went out to battle : one soul of five hundred , both of the persons , and of the beeves , and of the asses , and of the sheep : 31 : 29 Take it of their half , and give it unto Eleazar the priest , for an heave offering of the LORD .
She felt all the honest pride and complacency which her alliance with the present and future proprietor could fairly warrant , as she viewed the respectable size and style of the building , its suitable , becoming , characteristic situation , low and sheltered -- its ample gardens stretching down to meadows washed by a stream , of which the Abbey , with all the old neglect of prospect , had scarcely a sight -- and its abundance of timber in rows and avenues , which neither fashion nor extravagance had rooted up .-- The house was larger than Hartfield , and totally unlike it , covering a good deal of ground , rambling and irregular , with many comfortable , and one or two handsome rooms .-- It was just what it ought to be , and it looked what it was -- and Emma felt an increasing respect for it , as the residence of a family of such true gentility , untainted in blood and understanding .-- Some faults of temper John Knightley had ; but Isabella had connected herself unexceptionably .
9 : 11 As for thee also , by the blood of thy covenant I have sent forth thy prisoners out of the pit wherein is no water .
1 : 9 Thus saith the LORD ; For three transgressions of Tyrus , and for four , I will not turn away the punishment thereof ; because they delivered up the whole captivity to Edom , and remembered not the brotherly covenant : 1 : 10 But I will send a fire on the wall of Tyrus , which shall devour the palaces thereof .
As for _his_ going , Emma did not wish him to think it possible , the hours would be too late , and the party too numerous .
Scarcely had she so determined it , when the figure of a man on horseback drew her eyes to the window .
3 : 9 The shew of their countenance doth witness against them ; and they declare their sin as Sodom , they hide it not .
However , this does make a difference ; and , perhaps , when we come to talk it over -- but these sort of things require a good deal of consideration .
8 : 12 But when ye sin so against the brethren , and wound their weak conscience , ye sin against Christ .
" What sort of looking man is Mr .
12 : 12 And when he humbled himself , the wrath of the LORD turned from him , that he would not destroy him altogether : and also in Judah things went well .
36 : 2 And Moses called Bezaleel and Aholiab , and every wise hearted man , in whose heart the LORD had put wisdom , even every one whose heart stirred him up to come unto the work to do it : 36 : 3 And they received of Moses all the offering , which the children of Israel had brought for the work of the service of the sanctuary , to make it withal .
6 : 15 For in Christ Jesus neither circumcision availeth any thing , nor uncircumcision , but a new creature .
Her friend was not in better spirits than herself .
145 : 21 My mouth shall speak the praise of the LORD : and let all flesh bless his holy name for ever and ever .
Emma would not agree to this , and began a warm defence of Miss Fairfax ' s complexion .
and she sits so upright !
" We are assured of it ."
But he was neither fitted by abilities nor disposition to answer the wishes of his mother and sister , who longed to see him distinguished -- as -- they hardly knew what .
5 : 2 The LORD our God made a covenant with us in Horeb .
8 : 7 And thus shalt thou do unto them , to cleanse them : Sprinkle water of purifying upon them , and let them shave all their flesh , and let them wash their clothes , and so make themselves clean .
Have not I done well , mother ?"
48 : 31 And the gates of the city shall be after the names of the tribes of Israel : three gates northward ; one gate of Reuben , one gate of Judah , one gate of Levi .
31 : 24 If I have made gold my hope , or have said to the fine gold , Thou art my confidence ; 31 : 25 If I rejoice because my wealth was great , and because mine hand had gotten much ; 31 : 26 If I beheld the sun when it shined , or the moon walking in brightness ; 31 : 27 And my heart hath been secretly enticed , or my mouth hath kissed my hand : 31 : 28 This also were an iniquity to be punished by the judge : for I should have denied the God that is above .
21 : 15 And after those days we took up our carriages , and went up to Jerusalem .
2 : 18 On the west side shall be the standard of the camp of Ephraim according to their armies : and the captain of the sons of Ephraim shall be Elishama the son of Ammihud .
But when this passed away , when her spirits became collected , when she saw that to the perfect good - breeding of the gentleman , he united frankness and vivacity , and above all , when she heard him declare , that of music and dancing he was passionately fond , she gave him such a look of approbation as secured the largest share of his discourse to herself for the rest of his stay .
And , as to procuring a dispensation , there could be no difficulty at his time of life , and with his character .
9 : 4 For thou hast maintained my right and my cause ; thou satest in the throne judging right .
Now Emma could , indeed , enjoy Mr . Knightley ' s visits ; now she could talk , and she could listen with true happiness , unchecked by that sense of injustice , of guilt , of something most painful , which had haunted her when remembering how disappointed a heart was near her , how much might at that moment , and at a little distance , be enduring by the feelings which she had led astray herself .
Berkeley Street , January .
5 : 8 Thou shalt not make thee any graven image , or any likeness of any thing that is in heaven above , or that is in the earth beneath , or that is in the waters beneath the earth : 5 : 9 Thou shalt not bow down thyself unto them , nor serve them : for I the LORD thy God am a jealous God , visiting the iniquity of the fathers upon the children unto the third and fourth generation of them that hate me , 5 : 10 And shewing mercy unto thousands of them that love me and keep my commandments .
10 : 11 And every priest standeth daily ministering and offering oftentimes the same sacrifices , which can never take away sins : 10 : 12 But this man , after he had offered one sacrifice for sins for ever , sat down on the right hand of God ; 10 : 13 From henceforth expecting till his enemies be made his footstool .
High hills rose immediately behind , and at no great distance on each side ; some of which were open downs , the others cultivated and woody .
Grace be with you .
And he said , To thee , O captain .
Excepting one short period of her life , she had never , since the age of fourteen , never since the loss of her dear mother , known the happiness of being listened to , or encouraged by any just appreciation or real taste .
26 : 33 And thou shalt hang up the vail under the taches , that thou mayest bring in thither within the vail the ark of the testimony : and the vail shall divide unto you between the holy place and the most holy .
Do not let any reflection fall on the principles or the care of the friends who brought me up .
" I might not like them the better for that perhaps .
13 : 15 And after the reading of the law and the prophets the rulers of the synagogue sent unto them , saying , Ye men and brethren , if ye have any word of exhortation for the people , say on .
If all took place that might take place among the circle of her friends , Hartfield must be comparatively deserted ; and she left to cheer her father with the spirits only of ruined happiness .
13 : 3 Consider and hear me , O LORD my God : lighten mine eyes , lest I sleep the sleep of death ;
So David went and brought up the ark of God from the house of Obededom into the city of David with gladness .
" Gout and decrepitude !"
He had nothing to urge against it , but still resisted the idea of a letter of proper submission ; and therefore , to make it easier to him , as he declared a much greater willingness to make mean concessions by word of mouth than on paper , it was resolved that , instead of writing to Fanny , he should go to London , and personally intreat her good offices in his favour .-- " And if they really DO interest themselves ," said Marianne , in her new character of candour , " in bringing about a reconciliation , I shall think that even John and Fanny are not entirely without merit ."
the proper sport of boys and girls , but a single woman , of good fortune , is always respectable , and may be as sensible and pleasant as any body else .
8 : 53 Art thou greater than our father Abraham , which is dead ?
said her brother to Colonel Brandon , in a low voice , as soon as he could secure his attention ,-- " She has not such good health as her sister ,-- she is very nervous ,-- she has not Elinor ' s constitution ;-- and one must allow that there is something very trying to a young woman who HAS BEEN a beauty in the loss of her personal attractions .
I hope they are quite well .
50 : 18 And his brethren also went and fell down before his face ; and they said , Behold , we be thy servants .
and what hast thou here ?
2 : 15 For indeed the hand of the LORD was against them , to destroy them from among the host , until they were consumed .
" What a comfort it is , that we think alike about our nephews and nieces .
23 : 24 The father of the righteous shall greatly rejoice : and he that begetteth a wise child shall have joy of him .
I was snowed up at a friend ' s house once for a week .
Marianne had promised to be guided by her mother ' s opinion , and she submitted to it therefore without opposition , though it proved perfectly different from what she wished and expected , though she felt it to be entirely wrong , formed on mistaken grounds , and that by requiring her longer continuance in London it deprived her of the only possible alleviation of her wretchedness , the personal sympathy of her mother , and doomed her to such society and such scenes as must prevent her ever knowing a moment ' s rest .
He looked more than usually grave , and though expressing satisfaction at finding Miss Dashwood alone , as if he had somewhat in particular to tell her , sat for some time without saying a word .
9 : 15 And now , O Lord our God , that hast brought thy people forth out of the land of Egypt with a mighty hand , and hast gotten thee renown , as at this day ; we have sinned , we have done wickedly .
" Oh !
2 : 26 And he that overcometh , and keepeth my works unto the end , to him will I give power over the nations : 2 : 27 And he shall rule them with a rod of iron ; as the vessels of a potter shall they be broken to shivers : even as I received of my Father .
I could change my shoes , you know , the moment I got home ; and it is not the sort of thing that gives me cold ."
and in thine hand is there not power and might , so that none is able to withstand thee ?
52 : 14 As many were astonied at thee ; his visage was so marred more than any man , and his form more than the sons of men : 52 : 15 So shall he sprinkle many nations ; the kings shall shut their mouths at him : for that which had not been told them shall they see ; and that which they had not heard shall they consider .
12 : 11 They have made it desolate , and being desolate it mourneth unto me ; the whole land is made desolate , because no man layeth it to heart .
20 : 26 A wise king scattereth the wicked , and bringeth the wheel over them .
Consider what you are about .
He undertakes it ;" ( looking towards Captain Wentworth ,) " he is writing about it now ."
24 : 4 And the men of David said unto him , Behold the day of which the LORD said unto thee , Behold , I will deliver thine enemy into thine hand , that thou mayest do to him as it shall seem good unto thee .
28 : 7 And the drink offering thereof shall be the fourth part of an hin for the one lamb : in the holy place shalt thou cause the strong wine to be poured unto the LORD for a drink offering .
11 : 24 For if thou wert cut out of the olive tree which is wild by nature , and wert graffed contrary to nature into a good olive tree : how much more shall these , which be the natural branches , be graffed into their own olive tree ?
13 : 22 And I beseech you , brethren , suffer the word of exhortation : for I have written a letter unto you in few words .
It may make many things intelligible and excusable which now are not to be understood .
39 : 13 And it came to pass , when she saw that he had left his garment in her hand , and was fled forth , 39 : 14 That she called unto the men of her house , and spake unto them , saying , See , he hath brought in an Hebrew unto us to mock us ; he came in unto me to lie with me , and I cried with a loud voice : 39 : 15 And it came to pass , when he heard that I lifted up my voice and cried , that he left his garment with me , and fled , and got him out .
13 : 4 O Israel , thy prophets are like the foxes in the deserts .
Neither would Mr . Knightley ' s downright , decided , commanding sort of manner , though it suits _him_ very well ; his figure , and look , and situation in life seem to allow it ; but if any young man were to set about copying him , he would not be sufferable .
Such a scoundrel of a fellow !
She paused over it for some time with indignant astonishment ; then read it again and again ; but every perusal only served to increase her abhorrence of the man , and so bitter were her feelings against him , that she dared not trust herself to speak , lest she might wound Marianne still deeper by treating their disengagement , not as a loss to her of any possible good but as an escape from the worst and most irremediable of all evils , a connection , for life , with an unprincipled man , as a deliverance the most real , a blessing the most important .
24 : 37 But as the days of Noe were , so shall also the coming of the Son of man be .
7 : 65 And the Tirshatha said unto them , that they should not eat of the most holy things , till there stood up a priest with Urim and Thummim .
90 : 15 Make us glad according to the days wherein thou hast afflicted us , and the years wherein we have seen evil .
27 : 18 And the LORD said unto Moses , Take thee Joshua the son of Nun , a man in whom is the spirit , and lay thine hand upon him ; 27 : 19 And set him before Eleazar the priest , and before all the congregation ; and give him a charge in their sight .
8 : 15 We looked for peace , but no good came ; and for a time of health , and behold trouble !
37 : 20 Therefore hear now , I pray thee , O my lord the king : let my supplication , I pray thee , be accepted before thee ; that thou cause me not to return to the house of Jonathan the scribe , lest I die there .
9 : 31 For he taught his disciples , and said unto them , The Son of man is delivered into the hands of men , and they shall kill him ; and after that he is killed , he shall rise the third day .
21 : 14 And it shall be , if thou have no delight in her , then thou shalt let her go whither she will ; but thou shalt not sell her at all for money , thou shalt not make merchandise of her , because thou hast humbled her .
7 : 6 And when ye did eat , and when ye did drink , did not ye eat for yourselves , and drink for yourselves ?
Sir Walter had taken a very good house in Camden Place , a lofty dignified situation , such as becomes a man of consequence ; and both he and Elizabeth were settled there , much to their satisfaction .
22 : 15 And they came unto the children of Reuben , and to the children of Gad , and to the half tribe of Manasseh , unto the land of Gilead , and they spake with them , saying , 22 : 16 Thus saith the whole congregation of the LORD , What trespass is this that ye have committed against the God of Israel , to turn away this day from following the LORD , in that ye have builded you an altar , that ye might rebel this day against the LORD ?
13 : 8 Charity never faileth : but whether there be prophecies , they shall fail ; whether there be tongues , they shall cease ; whether there be knowledge , it shall vanish away .
And all the people shouted with a great shout , when they praised the LORD , because the foundation of the house of the LORD was laid .
9 : 13 This wisdom have I seen also under the sun , and it seemed great unto me : 9 : 14 There was a little city , and few men within it ; and there came a great king against it , and besieged it , and built great bulwarks against it : 9 : 15 Now there was found in it a poor wise man , and he by his wisdom delivered the city ; yet no man remembered that same poor man .
Nothing wanting .
9 : 17 And Ananias went his way , and entered into the house ; and putting his hands on him said , Brother Saul , the Lord , even Jesus , that appeared unto thee in the way as thou camest , hath sent me , that thou mightest receive thy sight , and be filled with the Holy Ghost .
8 : 54 And he put them all out , and took her by the hand , and called , saying , Maid , arise .
How so ?
25 : 12 What man is he that feareth the LORD ?
3 : 28 Then Nebuchadnezzar spake , and said , Blessed be the God of Shadrach , Meshach , and Abednego , who hath sent his angel , and delivered his servants that trusted in him , and have changed the king ' s word , and yielded their bodies , that they might not serve nor worship any god , except their own God .
2 : 23 But foolish and unlearned questions avoid , knowing that they do gender strifes .
3 : 27 Then he took his eldest son that should have reigned in his stead , and offered him for a burnt offering upon the wall .
9 : 5 And he said , Who art thou , Lord ?
20 : 18 And if a man shall lie with a woman having her sickness , and shall uncover her nakedness ; he hath discovered her fountain , and she hath uncovered the fountain of her blood : and both of them shall be cut off from among their people .
3 : 1 Hear this word that the LORD hath spoken against you , O children of Israel , against the whole family which I brought up from the land of Egypt , saying , 3 : 2 You only have I known of all the families of the earth : therefore I will punish you for all your iniquities .
who can require it ?"
22 : 26 And the LORD spake unto Moses , saying , 22 : 27 When a bullock , or a sheep , or a goat , is brought forth , then it shall be seven days under the dam ; and from the eighth day and thenceforth it shall be accepted for an offering made by fire unto the LORD .
3 : 37 For all the people and all Israel understood that day that it was not of the king to slay Abner the son of Ner .
4 : 11 And all the people that were in the gate , and the elders , said , We are witnesses .
23 : 14 And ye shall eat neither bread , nor parched corn , nor green ears , until the selfsame day that ye have brought an offering unto your God : it shall be a statute for ever throughout your generations in all your dwellings .
Those who can barely live , and who live perforce in a very small , and generally very inferior , society , may well be illiberal and cross .
24 : 6 Therefore hath the curse devoured the earth , and they that dwell therein are desolate : therefore the inhabitants of the earth are burned , and few men left .
Elliot ."
29 : 10 Wherefore now rise up early in the morning with thy master ' s servants that are come with thee : and as soon as ye be up early in the morning , and have light , depart .
You need not say anything more of your ignorance .
19 : 11 And I saw heaven opened , and behold a white horse ; and he that sat upon him was called Faithful and True , and in righteousness he doth judge and make war .
58 : 1 Cry aloud , spare not , lift up thy voice like a trumpet , and shew my people their transgression , and the house of Jacob their sins .
5 : 4 David was thirty years old when he began to reign , and he reigned forty years .
--
Mrs . Jennings therefore attending her up stairs into the sick chamber , to satisfy herself that all continued right , left her there again to her charge and her thoughts , and retired to her own room to write letters and sleep .
I have found him capable of giving me much information on various subjects ; and he has always answered my inquiries with readiness of good - breeding and good nature ."
12 : 1 And the LORD spake unto Moses and Aaron in the land of Egypt saying , 12 : 2 This month shall be unto you the beginning of months : it shall be the first month of the year to you .
31 : 16 Wherefore the children of Israel shall keep the sabbath , to observe the sabbath throughout their generations , for a perpetual covenant .
I wonder whether it is so .
5 : 11 And he said unto me , To build it an house in the land of Shinar : and it shall be established , and set there upon her own base .
saith the LORD .
The passing admiration of Mr Elliot had at least roused him , and the scenes on the Cobb and at Captain Harville ' s had fixed her superiority .
Miss Woodhouse , why are you always so right ?"
To her own heart it was a delightful affair , to her imagination it was even a ridiculous one , but to her reason , her judgment , it was completely a puzzle .
33 : 6 Then the handmaidens came near , they and their children , and they bowed themselves .
I never was more astonished in my life ."
21 : 15 I have set the point of the sword against all their gates , that their heart may faint , and their ruins be multiplied : ah !
23 : 14 And Ephron answered Abraham , saying unto him , 23 : 15 My lord , hearken unto me : the land is worth four hundred shekels of silver ; what is that betwixt me and thee ?
3 : 36 He that believeth on the Son hath everlasting life : and he that believeth not the Son shall not see life ; but the wrath of God abideth on him .
1 : 2 Hear , O heavens , and give ear , O earth : for the LORD hath spoken , I have nourished and brought up children , and they have rebelled against me .
1 : 11 Again also he sent unto him another captain of fifty with his fifty .
1 : 48 And also thus said the king , Blessed be the LORD God of Israel , which hath given one to sit on my throne this day , mine eyes even seeing it .
for he was cut off out of the land of the living : for the transgression of my people was he stricken .
I have travelled so little , that every fresh place would be interesting to me ; but there is real beauty at Lyme ; and in short " ( with a faint blush at some recollections ), " altogether my impressions of the place are very agreeable ."
29 : 13 Yet thus saith the Lord GOD ; At the end of forty years will I gather the Egyptians from the people whither they were scattered : 29 : 14 And I will bring again the captivity of Egypt , and will cause them to return into the land of Pathros , into the land of their habitation ; and they shall be there a base kingdom .
15 : 32 And there was war between Asa and Baasha king of Israel all their days .
The morning that we parted too !
5 : 33 Nevertheless let every one of you in particular so love his wife even as himself ; and the wife see that she reverence her husband .
16 : 19 My meat also which I gave thee , fine flour , and oil , and honey , wherewith I fed thee , thou hast even set it before them for a sweet savour : and thus it was , saith the Lord GOD .
28 : 28 Be it known therefore unto you , that the salvation of God is sent unto the Gentiles , and that they will hear it .
105 : 43 And he brought forth his people with joy , and his chosen with gladness :
She wished him very well ; but he gave her pain , and his welfare twenty miles off would administer most satisfaction .
121 : 3 He will not suffer thy foot to be moved : he that keepeth thee will not slumber .
You would not have been so long in coming , if you had had a pleasant idea of Highbury ."
20 : 6 And yet again there was war at Gath , where was a man of great stature , whose fingers and toes were four and twenty , six on each hand , and six on each foot and he also was the son of the giant .
3 : 16 Now the Lord of peace himself give you peace always by all means .
7 : 24 But they hearkened not , nor inclined their ear , but walked in the counsels and in the imagination of their evil heart , and went backward , and not forward .
35 : 15 And Jacob called the name of the place where God spake with him , Bethel .
And they bound him with two new cords , and brought him up from the rock .
37 : 3 And they said unto him , Thus saith Hezekiah , This day is a day of trouble , and of rebuke , and of blasphemy : for the children are come to the birth , and there is not strength to bring forth .
is it not so ?
16 : 24 Hitherto have ye asked nothing in my name : ask , and ye shall receive , that your joy may be full .
Dost thou know who made thee ?
" Emma !"
39 : 3 And all the princes of the king of Babylon came in , and sat in the middle gate , even Nergalsharezer , Samgarnebo , Sarsechim , Rabsaris , Nergalsharezer , Rabmag , with all the residue of the princes of the king of Babylon .
said Elinor .
One cannot have too large a party .
" And do you not think it more likely that she should leave it to her daughters , than to us ?"
78 : 19 Yea , they spake against God ; they said , Can God furnish a table in the wilderness ?
Cole was saying the other day she wanted something from Kingston ."
I wish we had been aware in time , who it was , that he might have been introduced to us .
7 : 5 And king Solomon offered a sacrifice of twenty and two thousand oxen , and an hundred and twenty thousand sheep : so the king and all the people dedicated the house of God .
10 : 31 Then the Jews took up stones again to stone him .
I never thought Edward so stubborn , so unfeeling before .
15 : 22 And , behold , a woman of Canaan came out of the same coasts , and cried unto him , saying , Have mercy on me , O Lord , thou son of David ; my daughter is grievously vexed with a devil .
17 : 2 And I will make my covenant between me and thee , and will multiply thee exceedingly .
7 : 10 He shall return no more to his house , neither shall his place know him any more .
42 : 12 So the LORD blessed the latter end of Job more than his beginning : for he had fourteen thousand sheep , and six thousand camels , and a thousand yoke of oxen , and a thousand she asses .
_Now_ , he said , he was beginning to have no longer the same wish .
20 : 22 And the people the men of Israel encouraged themselves , and set their battle again in array in the place where they put themselves in array the first day .
1 : 45 But he went out , and began to publish it much , and to blaze abroad the matter , insomuch that Jesus could no more openly enter into the city , but was without in desert places : and they came to him from every quarter .
" I never read one more to the purpose , certainly ."
2 : 24 And he turned back , and looked on them , and cursed them in the name of the LORD .
25 : 1 And Samuel died ; and all the Israelites were gathered together , and lamented him , and buried him in his house at Ramah .
set it here before my brethren and thy brethren , that they may judge betwixt us both .
36 : 21 The length of a board was ten cubits , and the breadth of a board one cubit and a half .
9 : 21 And Jotham ran away , and fled , and went to Beer , and dwelt there , for fear of Abimelech his brother .
" Oh , my love ," cried Mrs . Palmer to her husband , who just then entered the room --" you must help me to persuade the Miss Dashwoods to go to town this winter ."
2 : 15 And when the sons of the prophets which were to view at Jericho saw him , they said , The spirit of Elijah doth rest on Elisha .
11 : 2 Now when John had heard in the prison the works of Christ , he sent two of his disciples , 11 : 3 And said unto him , Art thou he that should come , or do we look for another ?
" O Earth , O Earth , return !
18 : 18 I will raise them up a Prophet from among their brethren , like unto thee , and will put my words in his mouth ; and he shall speak unto them all that I shall command him .
2 : 19 None that go unto her return again , neither take they hold of the paths of life .
She thinks nobody equal to him ."
22 : 15 Did I then begin to enquire of God for him ?
23 : 25 Saul also and his men went to seek him .
Lady Elliott was delighted with the thought .
It was but a card party , it was but a mixture of those who had never met before , and those who met too often ; a commonplace business , too numerous for intimacy , too small for variety ; but Anne had never found an evening shorter .
15 : 8 And he smote them hip and thigh with a great slaughter : and he went down and dwelt in the top of the rock Etam .
4 : 9 Use hospitality one to another without grudging .
( Then were the days of unleavened bread .)
6 : 19 And the LORD spake unto Moses , saying , 6 : 20 This is the offering of Aaron and of his sons , which they shall offer unto the LORD in the day when he is anointed ; the tenth part of an ephah of fine flour for a meat offering perpetual , half of it in the morning , and half thereof at night .
And he said , Ye shall not send .
21 : 14 Then they sent to Jezebel , saying , Naboth is stoned , and is dead .
15 : 32 This is the law of him that hath an issue , and of him whose seed goeth from him , and is defiled therewith ; 15 : 33 And of her that is sick of her flowers , and of him that hath an issue , of the man , and of the woman , and of him that lieth with her that is unclean .
20 : 35 And I will bring you into the wilderness of the people , and there will I plead with you face to face .
I saw her as I came in ; she was standing in the entrance .
I had not thought of Mrs . Dixon .
28 : 6 He is not here : for he is risen , as he said .
One takes up a notion , and runs away with it .
And soon afterwards , " Jane Fairfax is a very charming young woman -- but not even Jane Fairfax is perfect .
27 : 15 And when the ship was caught , and could not bear up into the wind , we let her drive .
25 : 11 And he shall spread forth his hands in the midst of them , as he that swimmeth spreadeth forth his hands to swim : and he shall bring down their pride together with the spoils of their hands .
5 : 12 Wherefore , as by one man sin entered into the world , and death by sin ; and so death passed upon all men , for that all have sinned : 5 : 13 ( For until the law sin was in the world : but sin is not imputed when there is no law .
12 : 10 Many shall be purified , and made white , and tried ; but the wicked shall do wickedly : and none of the wicked shall understand ; but the wise shall understand .
Such a companion for herself in the periods of anxiety and cheerlessness before her !-- Such a partner in all those duties and cares to which time must be giving increase of melancholy !
It was no insignificant barrier , indeed .
Such conduct made them of course most exceedingly laughed at ; but ridicule could not shame , and seemed hardly to provoke them .
36 : 36 And Hadad died , and Samlah of Masrekah reigned in his stead .
We must bring her forward .
19 : 16 If a false witness rise up against any man to testify against him that which is wrong ; 19 : 17 Then both the men , between whom the controversy is , shall stand before the LORD , before the priests and the judges , which shall be in those days ; 19 : 18 And the judges shall make diligent inquisition : and , behold , if the witness be a false witness , and hath testified falsely against his brother ; 19 : 19 Then shall ye do unto him , as he had thought to have done unto his brother : so shalt thou put the evil away from among you .
And as the lad ran , he shot an arrow beyond him .
Captain Benwick and Louisa Musgrove !
11 : 23 Jesus saith unto her , Thy brother shall rise again .
4 : 12 Now therefore go , and I will be with thy mouth , and teach thee what thou shalt say .
3 : 16 And Jesus , when he was baptized , went up straightway out of the water : and , lo , the heavens were opened unto him , and he saw the Spirit of God descending like a dove , and lighting upon him : 3 : 17 And lo a voice from heaven , saying , This is my beloved Son , in whom I am well pleased .
" You speak as if you envied him ."
26 : 15 And I said , Who art thou , Lord ?
Well , this Miss Louisa , we all thought , you know , was to marry Frederick .
He presently added , with a smile ,
34 : 18 The feast of unleavened bread shalt thou keep .
9 : 9 The LORD also will be a refuge for the oppressed , a refuge in times of trouble .
It suggested no other surprise than that Elinor and Marianne should sit so composedly by , without claiming a share in what was passing .
11 : 9 These shall ye eat of all that are in the waters : whatsoever hath fins and scales in the waters , in the seas , and in the rivers , them shall ye eat .
2 : 8 Again , a new commandment I write unto you , which thing is true in him and in you : because the darkness is past , and the true light now shineth .
" So do I ," said Mrs . Weston gently , " very much ."
51 : 1 Thus saith the LORD ; Behold , I will raise up against Babylon , and against them that dwell in the midst of them that rise up against me , a destroying wind ; 51 : 2 And will send unto Babylon fanners , that shall fan her , and shall empty her land : for in the day of trouble they shall be against her round about .
3 : 10 Moreover he said unto me , Son of man , all my words that I shall speak unto thee receive in thine heart , and hear with thine ears .
2 : 13 He took up also the mantle of Elijah that fell from him , and went back , and stood by the bank of Jordan ; 2 : 14 And he took the mantle of Elijah that fell from him , and smote the waters , and said , Where is the LORD God of Elijah ?
He would save himself from witnessing again such permitted , encouraged attentions .-- He had gone to learn to be indifferent .-- But he had gone to a wrong place .
17 : 13 Then the disciples understood that he spake unto them of John the Baptist .
24 : 3 Without the vail of the testimony , in the tabernacle of the congregation , shall Aaron order it from the evening unto the morning before the LORD continually : it shall be a statute for ever in your generations .
7 : 33 Then said the Lord to him , Put off thy shoes from thy feet : for the place where thou standest is holy ground .
2 : 14 In the evening she went , and on the morrow she returned into the second house of the women , to the custody of Shaashgaz , the king ' s chamberlain , which kept the concubines : she came in unto the king no more , except the king delighted in her , and that she were called by name .
That I should ever have meant more you will allow to be impossible , when you understand that my affections have been long engaged elsewhere , and it will not be many weeks , I believe , before this engagement is fulfilled .
4 : 28 Then she said , Did I desire a son of my lord ?
Is there nothing one can get to comfort her ?
14 : 22 And Joab fell to the ground on his face , and bowed himself , and thanked the king : and Joab said , To day thy servant knoweth that I have found grace in thy sight , my lord , O king , in that the king hath fulfilled the request of his servant .
When the time proposed drew near , Mrs . Weston ' s fears were justified in the arrival of a letter of excuse .
I made her take her shawl -- for the evenings are not warm -- her large new shawl -- Mrs . Dixon ' s wedding - present .-- So kind of her to think of my mother !
why go I mourning because of the oppression of the enemy ?
2 : 43 And fear came upon every soul : and many wonders and signs were done by the apostles .
33 : 11 The counsel of the LORD standeth for ever , the thoughts of his heart to all generations .
25 : 1 The word that came to Jeremiah concerning all the people of Judah in the fourth year of Jehoiakim the son of Josiah king of Judah , that was the first year of Nebuchadrezzar king of Babylon ; 25 : 2 The which Jeremiah the prophet spake unto all the people of Judah , and to all the inhabitants of Jerusalem , saying , 25 : 3 From the thirteenth year of Josiah the son of Amon king of Judah , even unto this day , that is the three and twentieth year , the word of the LORD hath come unto me , and I have spoken unto you , rising early and speaking ; but ye have not hearkened .
6 : 40 And God did so that night : for it was dry upon the fleece only , and there was dew on all the ground .
He had done his duty and could return to his son .
Dixon .-- Very well .
Miss Fairfax ' s recent illness had offered a fair plea for Mrs . Weston to invite her to an airing ; she had drawn back and declined at first , but , on being pressed had yielded ; and , in the course of their drive , Mrs . Weston had , by gentle encouragement , overcome so much of her embarrassment , as to bring her to converse on the important subject .
That there was to be such a party had been long generally known : it had even given the idea of another .
7 : 19 Wisdom strengtheneth the wise more than ten mighty men which are in the city .
And what is stronger than a lion ?
" Oh !
25 : 34 And in the candlesticks shall be four bowls made like unto almonds , with their knops and their flowers .
the herds of cattle are perplexed , because they have no pasture ; yea , the flocks of sheep are made desolate .
23 : 29 Woe unto you , scribes and Pharisees , hypocrites !
I am glad therefore on your behalf : but yet I would have you wise unto that which is good , and simple concerning evil .
1 : 13 From above hath he sent fire into my bones , and it prevaileth against them : he hath spread a net for my feet , he hath turned me back : he hath made me desolate and faint all the day .
What a blessing to young people to be in such hands !
3 : 8 And not rather , ( as we be slanderously reported , and as some affirm that we say ,) Let us do evil , that good may come ?
She speaks a little too quick .
Frank was next to Emma , Jane opposite to them -- and Mr . Knightley so placed as to see them all ; and it was his object to see as much as he could , with as little apparent observation .
She was not sorry for the excuse .
16 : 22 Understanding is a wellspring of life unto him that hath it : but the instruction of fools is folly .
Mr Elliot is evidently a disingenuous , artificial , worldly man , who has never had any better principle to guide him than selfishness ."
68 : 20 He that is our God is the God of salvation ; and unto GOD the Lord belong the issues from death .
30 : 11 Nevertheless divers of Asher and Manasseh and of Zebulun humbled themselves , and came to Jerusalem .
8 : 12 I wisdom dwell with prudence , and find out knowledge of witty inventions .
23 : 6 Thou shalt not seek their peace nor their prosperity all thy days for ever .
7 : 19 And this was yet a small thing in thy sight , O Lord GOD ; but thou hast spoken also of thy servant ' s house for a great while to come .
40 : 21 And he restored the chief butler unto his butlership again ; and he gave the cup into Pharaoh ' s hand : 40 : 22 But he hanged the chief baker : as Joseph had interpreted to them .
wilt thou destroy all the residue of Israel in thy pouring out of thy fury upon Jerusalem ?
71 : 12 O God , be not far from me : O my God , make haste for my help .
31 : 53 The God of Abraham , and the God of Nahor , the God of their father , judge betwixt us .
7 : 12 Now when he came nigh to the gate of the city , behold , there was a dead man carried out , the only son of his mother , and she was a widow : and much people of the city was with her .
3 : 14 The LORD will enter into judgment with the ancients of his people , and the princes thereof : for ye have eaten up the vineyard ; the spoil of the poor is in your houses .
20 : 5 Counsel in the heart of man is like deep water ; but a man of understanding will draw it out .
how opened he thine eyes ?
She was extremely angry with herself .
20 : 23 When he is about to fill his belly , God shall cast the fury of his wrath upon him , and shall rain it upon him while he is eating .
He has been very deceitful !
Then , there is a dove - cote , some delightful stew - ponds , and a very pretty canal ; and every thing , in short , that one could wish for ; and , moreover , it is close to the church , and only a quarter of a mile from the turnpike - road , so ' tis never dull , for if you only go and sit up in an old yew arbour behind the house , you may see all the carriages that pass along .
2 : 20 And he said , Bring me a new cruse , and put salt therein .
" Another thing must be taken into consideration too -- Mrs . Elton does not talk _to_ Miss Fairfax as she speaks _of_ her .
Can any thing be stronger ?"
25 : 36 A voice of the cry of the shepherds , and an howling of the principal of the flock , shall be heard : for the LORD hath spoiled their pasture .
7 : 35 This is the portion of the anointing of Aaron , and of the anointing of his sons , out of the offerings of the LORD made by fire , in the day when he presented them to minister unto the LORD in the priest ' s office ; 7 : 36 Which the LORD commanded to be given them of the children of Israel , in the day that he anointed them , by a statute for ever throughout their generations .
5 : 17 Moreover there were at my table an hundred and fifty of the Jews and rulers , beside those that came unto us from among the heathen that are about us .
2 : 11 He that hath an ear , let him hear what the Spirit saith unto the churches ; He that overcometh shall not be hurt of the second death .
34 : 26 And I will make them and the places round about my hill a blessing ; and I will cause the shower to come down in his season ; there shall be showers of blessing .
28 : 11 Then David gave to Solomon his son the pattern of the porch , and of the houses thereof , and of the treasuries thereof , and of the upper chambers thereof , and of the inner parlours thereof , and of the place of the mercy seat , 28 : 12 And the pattern of all that he had by the spirit , of the courts of the house of the LORD , and of all the chambers round about , of the treasuries of the house of God , and of the treasuries of the dedicated things : 28 : 13 Also for the courses of the priests and the Levites , and for all the work of the service of the house of the LORD , and for all the vessels of service in the house of the LORD .
What !
12 : 9 And when he was departed thence , he went into their synagogue : 12 : 10 And , behold , there was a man which had his hand withered .
Anne was conscious of not doing it so well as Lady Russell .
5 : 30 And in that day they shall roar against them like the roaring of the sea : and if one look unto the land , behold darkness and sorrow , and the light is darkened in the heavens thereof .
10 : 4 Carry neither purse , nor scrip , nor shoes : and salute no man by the way .
She only knew that Henrietta was at home again ; and that Louisa , though considered to be recovering fast , was still in Lyme ; and she was thinking of them all very intently one evening , when a thicker letter than usual from Mary was delivered to her ; and , to quicken the pleasure and surprise , with Admiral and Mrs Croft ' s compliments .
36 : 2 Jehoahaz was twenty and three years old when he began to reign , and he reigned three months in Jerusalem .
The little ones leaped , and shouted , and laughed , And all the hills echoed .
21 : 14 But I will punish you according to the fruit of your doings , saith the LORD : and I will kindle a fire in the forest thereof , and it shall devour all things round about it .
1 : 2 Hear , all ye people ; hearken , O earth , and all that therein is : and let the Lord GOD be witness against you , the LORD from his holy temple .
31 : 14 And the LORD said unto Moses , Behold , thy days approach that thou must die : call Joshua , and present yourselves in the tabernacle of the congregation , that I may give him a charge .
By only raising my voice , and saying any thing two or three times over , she is sure to hear ; but then she is used to my voice .
Cleveland was a spacious , modern - built house , situated on a sloping lawn .
119 : 89 For ever , O LORD , thy word is settled in heaven .
9 : 21 Though I were perfect , yet would I not know my soul : I would despise my life .
22 : 22 As silver is melted in the midst of the furnace , so shall ye be melted in the midst thereof ; and ye shall know that I the LORD have poured out my fury upon you .
" I can guess what his business is , however ," said Mrs . Jennings exultingly .
But SOMETIMES they are ."
So Joab and Abishai his brother pursued after Sheba the son of Bichri .
4 : 13 Take fast hold of instruction ; let her not go : keep her ; for she is thy life .
The sisters set out at a pace , slow as the feebleness of Marianne in an exercise hitherto untried since her illness required ;-- and they had advanced only so far beyond the house as to admit a full view of the hill , the important hill behind , when pausing with her eyes turned towards it , Marianne calmly said ,
Mr . Martin , I imagine , has his fortune entirely to make -- cannot be at all beforehand with the world .
Am I to believe that you have never sought to recommend yourself particularly to Miss Smith ?-- that you have never thought seriously of her ?"
but it shall not prosper .
9 : 17 The words of wise men are heard in quiet more than the cry of him that ruleth among fools .
42 : 20 For ye dissembled in your hearts , when ye sent me unto the LORD your God , saying , Pray for us unto the LORD our God ; and according unto all that the LORD our God shall say , so declare unto us , and we will do it .
9 : 17 And he brought the meat offering , and took an handful thereof , and burnt it upon the altar , beside the burnt sacrifice of the morning .
He owed it to her , to risk any thing that might be involved in an unwelcome interference , rather than her welfare ; to encounter any thing , rather than the remembrance of neglect in such a cause .
It came out quite unawares , quite undesignedly .
16 : 23 In the thirty and first year of Asa king of Judah began Omri to reign over Israel , twelve years : six years reigned he in Tirzah .
5 : 28 And the LORD heard the voice of your words , when ye spake unto me ; and the LORD said unto me , I have heard the voice of the words of this people , which they have spoken unto thee : they have well said all that they have spoken .
Mrs . Jennings immediately whispered to Elinor ,
Mr . Knightley might quarrel with her , but Emma could not quarrel with herself .
But Jesus said unto them , A prophet is not without honour , save in his own country , and in his own house .
In what furnace was thy brain ?
he is my brother .
15 : 23 He wandereth abroad for bread , saying , Where is it ?
Lodging as I did in Bond Street , there was hardly a day in which I did not catch a glimpse of one or other of you ; and nothing but the most constant watchfulness on my side , a most invariably prevailing desire to keep out of your sight , could have separated us so long .
2 : 13 And the name of the second river is Gihon : the same is it that compasseth the whole land of Ethiopia .
It was , indeed , a highly prized letter .
3 : 10 And the LORD came , and stood , and called as at other times , Samuel , Samuel .
21 : 29 Woe to thee , Moab !
And I saw it was filled with graves , And tombstones where flowers should be ; And priests in black gowns were walking their rounds , And binding with briars my joys and desires .
4 : 11 The tree grew , and was strong , and the height thereof reached unto heaven , and the sight thereof to the end of all the earth : 4 : 12 The leaves thereof were fair , and the fruit thereof much , and in it was meat for all : the beasts of the field had shadow under it , and the fowls of the heaven dwelt in the boughs thereof , and all flesh was fed of it .
is it you ?
9 : 6 Now when Mephibosheth , the son of Jonathan , the son of Saul , was come unto David , he fell on his face , and did reverence .
21 : 10 O my threshing , and the corn of my floor : that which I have heard of the LORD of hosts , the God of Israel , have I declared unto you .
Have a little mercy on the poor men .
20 : 33 Howbeit the high places were not taken away : for as yet the people had not prepared their hearts unto the God of their fathers .
3 : 17 For it is better , if the will of God be so , that ye suffer for well doing , than for evil doing .
25 : 14 And I will lay my vengeance upon Edom by the hand of my people Israel : and they shall do in Edom according to mine anger and according to my fury ; and they shall know my vengeance , saith the Lord GOD .
16 : 27 Now the house was full of men and women ; and all the lords of the Philistines were there ; and there were upon the roof about three thousand men and women , that beheld while Samson made sport .
107 : 8 Oh that men would praise the LORD for his goodness , and for his wonderful works to the children of men !
They then proceeded a few paces in silence .
But none answered .
34 : 8 Now in the eighteenth year of his reign , when he had purged the land , and the house , he sent Shaphan the son of Azaliah , and Maaseiah the governor of the city , and Joah the son of Joahaz the recorder , to repair the house of the LORD his God .
Are those who have been disappointed in their first choice , whether from the inconstancy of its object , or the perverseness of circumstances , to be equally indifferent during the rest of their lives ?"
29 : 17 And it came to pass in the seven and twentieth year , in the first month , in the first day of the month , the word of the LORD came unto me , saying , 29 : 18 Son of man , Nebuchadrezzar king of Babylon caused his army to serve a great service against Tyrus : every head was made bald , and every shoulder was peeled : yet had he no wages , nor his army , for Tyrus , for the service that he had served against it : 29 : 19 Therefore thus saith the Lord GOD ; Behold , I will give the land of Egypt unto Nebuchadrezzar king of Babylon ; and he shall take her multitude , and take her spoil , and take her prey ; and it shall be the wages for his army .
If there is anything in my story which you know to be either false or improbable , stop me .
11 : 11 Seraiah the son of Hilkiah , the son of Meshullam , the son of Zadok , the son of Meraioth , the son of Ahitub , was the ruler of the house of God .
12 : 16 And he entreated Abram well for her sake : and he had sheep , and oxen , and he asses , and menservants , and maidservants , and she asses , and camels .
95 : 9 When your fathers tempted me , proved me , and saw my work .
But here there was nothing to be shifted off in a wild speculation on the future .
But I am quite in the minority , I believe ; few people seem to value simplicity of dress ,-- show and finery are every thing .
8 : 13 Thou that dwellest in the gardens , the companions hearken to thy voice : cause me to hear it .
What !-- engaged to her all the winter -- before either of them came to Highbury ?"
36 : 16 And he coupled five curtains by themselves , and six curtains by themselves .
6 : 22 If a man sin against his neighbour , and an oath be laid upon him to make him swear , and the oath come before thine altar in this house ; 6 : 23 Then hear thou from heaven , and do , and judge thy servants , by requiting the wicked , by recompensing his way upon his own head ; and by justifying the righteous , by giving him according to his righteousness .
19 : 31 This is the inheritance of the tribe of the children of Asher according to their families , these cities with their villages .
48 : 12 Therefore , behold , the days come , saith the LORD , that I will send unto him wanderers , that shall cause him to wander , and shall empty his vessels , and break their bottles .
18 : 28 Then Peter said , Lo , we have left all , and followed thee .
" She loves him then excessively , I suppose .
Come , and tell me .
Emma felt they were friends again ; and the conviction giving her at first great satisfaction , and then a little sauciness , she could not help saying , as he was admiring the baby ,
Why did Mr Elliot draw back ?"
For all this his anger is not turned away , but his hand is stretched out still .
2 : 21 No man also seweth a piece of new cloth on an old garment : else the new piece that filled it up taketh away from the old , and the rent is made worse .
3 : 1 Woe to her that is filthy and polluted , to the oppressing city !
21 : 30 And he said , For these seven ewe lambs shalt thou take of my hand , that they may be a witness unto me , that I have digged this well .
16 : 9 A man ' s heart deviseth his way : but the LORD directeth his steps .
6 : 12 And forgive us our debts , as we forgive our debtors .
O LORD , behold my affliction : for the enemy hath magnified himself .
10 : 14 And the wave breast and heave shoulder shall ye eat in a clean place ; thou , and thy sons , and thy daughters with thee : for they be thy due , and thy sons ' due , which are given out of the sacrifices of peace offerings of the children of Israel .
4 : 9 In this was manifested the love of God toward us , because that God sent his only begotten Son into the world , that we might live through him .
then would I remove Abimelech .
She will never submit to any thing requiring industry and patience , and a subjection of the fancy to the understanding .
And after all , what did it signify to my character in the opinion of Marianne and her friends , in what language my answer was couched ?-- It must have been only to one end .
1 : 5 For as the sufferings of Christ abound in us , so our consolation also aboundeth by Christ .
31 : 51 And Laban said to Jacob , Behold this heap , and behold this pillar , which I have cast betwixt me and thee : 31 : 52 This heap be witness , and this pillar be witness , that I will not pass over this heap to thee , and that thou shalt not pass over this heap and this pillar unto me , for harm .
Am not I A fly like thee ?
3 : 5 Who then is Paul , and who is Apollos , but ministers by whom ye believed , even as the Lord gave to every man ?
Edward is very amiable , and I love him tenderly .
31 : 25 For I have satiated the weary soul , and I have replenished every sorrowful soul .
52 : 7 How beautiful upon the mountains are the feet of him that bringeth good tidings , that publisheth peace ; that bringeth good tidings of good , that publisheth salvation ; that saith unto Zion , Thy God reigneth !
30 : 22 And ye shall be my people , and I will be your God .
40 : 16 But Gedaliah the son of Ahikam said unto Johanan the son of Kareah , Thou shalt not do this thing : for thou speakest falsely of Ishmael .
15 : 11 For the poor shall never cease out of the land : therefore I command thee , saying , Thou shalt open thine hand wide unto thy brother , to thy poor , and to thy needy , in thy land .
I have neither lent on usury , nor men have lent to me on usury ; yet every one of them doth curse me .
10 : 20 And over the host of the tribe of the children of Gad was Eliasaph the son of Deuel .
5 : 37 And no man putteth new wine into old bottles ; else the new wine will burst the bottles , and be spilled , and the bottles shall perish .
15 : 10 But Absalom sent spies throughout all the tribes of Israel , saying , As soon as ye hear the sound of the trumpet , then ye shall say , Absalom reigneth in Hebron .
15 : 41 I am the LORD your God , which brought you out of the land of Egypt , to be your God : I am the LORD your God .
What say you , Marianne ?"
" Why , to be sure ," said her husband , very gravely , " that would make great difference .
26 : 4 And thou shalt say unto them , Thus saith the LORD ; If ye will not hearken to me , to walk in my law , which I have set before you , 26 : 5 To hearken to the words of my servants the prophets , whom I sent unto you , both rising up early , and sending them , but ye have not hearkened ; 26 : 6 Then will I make this house like Shiloh , and will make this city a curse to all the nations of the earth .
132 : 4 I will not give sleep to mine eyes , or slumber to mine eyelids ,
I have a very strong notion that it comes from him .
let him trust in the name of the LORD , and stay upon his God .
6 : 11 The earth also was corrupt before God , and the earth was filled with violence .
8 : 27 Only the cattle and the spoil of that city Israel took for a prey unto themselves , according unto the word of the LORD which he commanded Joshua .
She ceasd & smild in tears , then sat down in her silver shrine .
Without shutting herself up from her family , or leaving the house in determined solitude to avoid them , or lying awake the whole night to indulge meditation , Elinor found every day afforded her leisure enough to think of Edward , and of Edward ' s behaviour , in every possible variety which the different state of her spirits at different times could produce ,-- with tenderness , pity , approbation , censure , and doubt .
47 : 27 And Israel dwelt in the land of Egypt , in the country of Goshen ; and they had possessions therein , and grew , and multiplied exceedingly .
and let one of the young men come over and fetch it .
Exactly so .
11 : 11 And after three days and an half the spirit of life from God entered into them , and they stood upon their feet ; and great fear fell upon them which saw them .
7 : 18 He that speaketh of himself seeketh his own glory : but he that seeketh his glory that sent him , the same is true , and no unrighteousness is in him .
7 : 18 For I know that in me ( that is , in my flesh ,) dwelleth no good thing : for to will is present with me ; but how to perform that which is good I find not .
2 : 11 The lofty looks of man shall be humbled , and the haughtiness of men shall be bowed down , and the LORD alone shall be exalted in that day .
In so large a party it was not necessary that Emma should approach her .
It must not be , if by any fair interference of friendship , any representations from one who had almost a mother ' s love , and mother ' s rights , it would be prevented .
30 : 8 Now be ye not stiffnecked , as your fathers were , but yield yourselves unto the LORD , and enter into his sanctuary , which he hath sanctified for ever : and serve the LORD your God , that the fierceness of his wrath may turn away from you .
He did not advance a word of praise beyond what she knew to be thoroughly deserved by Mrs . Weston ; but , undoubtedly he could know very little of the matter .
13 : 15 And Manoah said unto the angel of the LORD , I pray thee , let us detain thee , until we shall have made ready a kid for thee .
12 : 17 And the elders of his house arose , and went to him , to raise him up from the earth : but he would not , neither did he eat bread with them .
8 : 36 As it is written , For thy sake we are killed all the day long ; we are accounted as sheep for the slaughter .
And there it is unto this day .
A short account of myself , I believe , will be necessary , and it SHALL be a short one .
11 : 25 And now art thou any thing better than Balak the son of Zippor , king of Moab ?
I should not go , you may be sure , if I did not feel quite at ease about my dear child ."
" It would be impossible to go to - morrow .
22 : 7 And David said to Solomon , My son , as for me , it was in my mind to build an house unto the name of the LORD my God : 22 : 8 But the word of the LORD came to me , saying , Thou hast shed blood abundantly , and hast made great wars : thou shalt not build an house unto my name , because thou hast shed much blood upon the earth in my sight .
25 : 23 And when all the captains of the armies , they and their men , heard that the king of Babylon had made Gedaliah governor , there came to Gedaliah to Mizpah , even Ishmael the son of Nethaniah , and Johanan the son of Careah , and Seraiah the son of Tanhumeth the Netophathite , and Jaazaniah the son of a Maachathite , they and their men .
7 : 4 The heart of the wise is in the house of mourning ; but the heart of fools is in the house of mirth .
16 : 6 And Delilah said to Samson , Tell me , I pray thee , wherein thy great strength lieth , and wherewith thou mightest be bound to afflict thee .
We never were so long without seeing her before , and as I was telling Mrs . Cole , we shall hardly know how to make enough of her now ."
22 : 47 The LORD liveth ; and blessed be my rock ; and exalted be the God of the rock of my salvation .
Which of them is it ?-- I charge you by all that is sacred , not to attempt concealment ."
22 : 28 And her prophets have daubed them with untempered morter , seeing vanity , and divining lies unto them , saying , Thus saith the Lord GOD , when the LORD hath not spoken .
47 : 18 And the east side ye shall measure from Hauran , and from Damascus , and from Gilead , and from the land of Israel by Jordan , from the border unto the east sea .
Charles , in his real concern and good nature , would go home with her ; there was no preventing him .
Captain Wentworth was acknowledged again by each , by Elizabeth more graciously than before .
67 : 7 God shall bless us ; and all the ends of the earth shall fear him .
20 : 5 And the messengers came again , and said , Thus speaketh Benhadad , saying , Although I have sent unto thee , saying , Thou shalt deliver me thy silver , and thy gold , and thy wives , and thy children ; 20 : 6 Yet I will send my servants unto thee to morrow about this time , and they shall search thine house , and the houses of thy servants ; and it shall be , that whatsoever is pleasant in thine eyes , they shall put it in their hand , and take it away .
Your peace will not be shipwrecked as mine has been .
2 : 14 Then answered Haggai , and said , So is this people , and so is this nation before me , saith the LORD ; and so is every work of their hands ; and that which they offer there is unclean .
14 : 5 Also he took away out of all the cities of Judah the high places and the images : and the kingdom was quiet before him .
CHAPTER IV
a great pity indeed !
Sweet dreams of pleasant streams By happy , silent , moony beams !
what can be the meaning of it !
8 : 26 And they arrived at the country of the Gadarenes , which is over against Galilee .
And all the people brought every man his ox with him that night , and slew them there .
6 : 67 Then said Jesus unto the twelve , Will ye also go away ?
where is he that put his holy Spirit within him ?
41 : 26 And there were narrow windows and palm trees on the one side and on the other side , on the sides of the porch , and upon the side chambers of the house , and thick planks .
True affection only could have prompted it ."
Gratifying , however , and stimulative as was the letter in the material part , its sentiments , she yet found , when it was folded up and returned to Mrs . Weston , that it had not added any lasting warmth , that she could still do without the writer , and that he must learn to do without her .
Not heard of you !-- I believe Mrs . Weston ' s letters lately have been full of very little else than Mrs .
17 : 3 Lay down now , put me in a surety with thee ; who is he that will strike hands with me ?
8 : 20 The ram which thou sawest having two horns are the kings of Media and Persia .
" Having understood as much , I was rather astonished to find her so very lady - like !
Edward had been staying several weeks in the house before he engaged much of Mrs . Dashwood ' s attention ; for she was , at that time , in such affliction as rendered her careless of surrounding objects .
Any other situation would have been much less in character .
10 : 2 The wicked in his pride doth persecute the poor : let them be taken in the devices that they have imagined .
8 : 9 And he said unto me , Go in , and behold the wicked abominations that they do here .
But now I seem to feel that I may deserve him ; and that if he does chuse me , it will not be any thing so very wonderful ."
2 : 24 But I trust in the Lord that I also myself shall come shortly .
So far it is very true .
26 : 31 Among the Hebronites was Jerijah the chief , even among the Hebronites , according to the generations of his fathers .
Elinor would not vouchsafe any answer .
31 : 26 She openeth her mouth with wisdom ; and in her tongue is the law of kindness .
4 : 13 Jesus answered and said unto her , Whosoever drinketh of this water shall thirst again : 4 : 14 But whosoever drinketh of the water that I shall give him shall never thirst ; but the water that I shall give him shall be in him a well of water springing up into everlasting life .
16 : 16 And Simon Peter answered and said , Thou art the Christ , the Son of the living God .
12 : 4 Then shalt thou bring forth thy stuff by day in their sight , as stuff for removing : and thou shalt go forth at even in their sight , as they that go forth into captivity .
Such a number of looking - glasses !
22 : 5 They cried unto thee , and were delivered : they trusted in thee , and were not confounded .
" But was not she a very low woman ?"
57 : 10 For thy mercy is great unto the heavens , and thy truth unto the clouds .
I do send thee unto them ; and thou shalt say unto them , Thus saith the Lord GOD .
1 : 36 And Simon and they that were with him followed after him .
125 : 3 For the rod of the wicked shall not rest upon the lot of the righteous ; lest the righteous put forth their hands unto iniquity .
2 : 11 And when they were come into the house , they saw the young child with Mary his mother , and fell down , and worshipped him : and when they had opened their treasures , they presented unto him gifts ; gold , and frankincense and myrrh .
cried Marianne , her eyes sparkling with animation , and her cheeks glowing with the delight of such imaginary happiness .
5 : 3 We are orphans and fatherless , our mothers are as widows .
He was looked on as sufficiently belonging to the place to make his merits and prospects a kind of common concern .
22 : 1 And they continued three years without war between Syria and Israel .
6 : 3 I am my beloved ' s , and my beloved is mine : he feedeth among the lilies .
18 : 30 As for God , his way is perfect : the word of the LORD is tried : he is a buckler to all those that trust in him .
There is a sin unto death : I do not say that he shall pray for it .
" To have resisted such attractions , to have withstood such tenderness !-- Is there a man on earth who could have done it ?-- Yes , I found myself , by insensible degrees , sincerely fond of her ; and the happiest hours of my life were what I spent with her when I felt my intentions were strictly honourable , and my feelings blameless .
He might even have Harriet in his thoughts at the moment ; who could say ?
40 : 29 And he put the altar of burnt offering by the door of the tabernacle of the tent of the congregation , and offered upon it the burnt offering and the meat offering ; as the LORD commanded Moses .
32 : 14 Then will I make their waters deep , and cause their rivers to run like oil , saith the Lord GOD .
We live at home , quiet , confined , and our feelings prey upon us .
2 : 10 The children of Bani , six hundred forty and two .
We have notice of it in a letter to - day .
10 : 4 Hast thou eyes of flesh ?
In one moment such a change !
After listening to this full description of Mr Elliot , Anne could not but express some surprise at Mrs Smith ' s having spoken of him so favourably in the beginning of their conversation .
3 : 1 And I , brethren , could not speak unto you as unto spiritual , but as unto carnal , even as unto babes in Christ .
She was a great talker upon little matters , which exactly suited Mr . Woodhouse , full of trivial communications and harmless gossip .
In Colonel Brandon alone , of all her new acquaintance , did Elinor find a person who could in any degree claim the respect of abilities , excite the interest of friendship , or give pleasure as a companion .
1 : 8 Likewise also these filthy dreamers defile the flesh , despise dominion , and speak evil of dignities .
19 : 28 After this , Jesus knowing that all things were now accomplished , that the scripture might be fulfilled , saith , I thirst .
24 : 17 Forbear to cry , make no mourning for the dead , bind the tire of thine head upon thee , and put on thy shoes upon thy feet , and cover not thy lips , and eat not the bread of men .
Perry ."
20 : 3 Remember all thy offerings , and accept thy burnt sacrifice ; Selah .
2 : 17 And when they urged him till he was ashamed , he said , Send .
16 : 29 Then he called for a light , and sprang in , and came trembling , and fell down before Paul and Silas , 16 : 30 And brought them out , and said , Sirs , what must I do to be saved ?
If he were a little spoilt by such universal , such eager admiration , who could wonder ?
10 : 13 But the prince of the kingdom of Persia withstood me one and twenty days : but , lo , Michael , one of the chief princes , came to help me ; and I remained there with the kings of Persia .
It is not to be supposed that any prior attachment on your side -- in short , you know as to an attachment of that kind , it is quite out of the question , the objections are insurmountable -- you have too much sense not to see all that .
yet my people have forgotten me days without number .
2 : 18 Their heart cried unto the LORD , O wall of the daughter of Zion , let tears run down like a river day and night : give thyself no rest ; let not the apple of thine eye cease .
15 : 17 And every garment , and every skin , whereon is the seed of copulation , shall be washed with water , and be unclean until the even .
27 : 34 These are the commandments , which the LORD commanded Moses for the children of Israel in mount Sinai .
NOW especially there cannot be -- but however , you and Marianne were always great favourites .-- Why would not Marianne come ?"
The child ' s situation put the visit entirely aside ; but she could not hear of her escape with indifference , even in the midst of the serious anxiety which they afterwards felt on his account .
1 : 12 And he said unto them , Take me up , and cast me forth into the sea ; so shall the sea be calm unto you : for I know that for my sake this great tempest is upon you .
And I answered , O Lord GOD , thou knowest .
But the sight of Mr . Knightley among the most attentive , soon drew away half Emma ' s mind ; and she fell into a train of thinking on the subject of Mrs . Weston ' s suspicions , to which the sweet sounds of the united voices gave only momentary interruptions .
116 : 12 What shall I render unto the LORD for all his benefits toward me ?
23 : 2 And the high priest Ananias commanded them that stood by him to smite him on the mouth .
4 : 10 Then said I , Ah , Lord GOD !
Furthermore I tell thee that the LORD will build thee an house .
28 : 2 Iron is taken out of the earth , and brass is molten out of the stone .
1 : 53 So king Solomon sent , and they brought him down from the altar .
14 : 17 Nevertheless he left not himself without witness , in that he did good , and gave us rain from heaven , and fruitful seasons , filling our hearts with food and gladness .
18 : 11 Or a charmer , or a consulter with familiar spirits , or a wizard , or a necromancer .
22 : 3 And David went thence to Mizpeh of Moab : and he said unto the king of Moab , Let my father and my mother , I pray thee , come forth , and be with you , till I know what God will do for me .
14 : 10 But when thou art bidden , go and sit down in the lowest room ; that when he that bade thee cometh , he may say unto thee , Friend , go up higher : then shalt thou have worship in the presence of them that sit at meat with thee .
She must tell you herself what she is -- yet not by word , for never was there a human creature who would so designedly suppress her own merit .-- Since I began this letter , which will be longer than I foresaw , I have heard from her .-- She gives a good account of her own health ; but as she never complains , I dare not depend .
78 : 67 Moreover he refused the tabernacle of Joseph , and chose not the tribe of Ephraim :
72 : 16 There shall be an handful of corn in the earth upon the top of the mountains ; the fruit thereof shall shake like Lebanon : and they of the city shall flourish like grass of the earth .
Young ladies should take care of themselves .-- Young ladies are delicate plants .
20 : 15 So they cast him out of the vineyard , and killed him .
Mrs . Palmer , on the contrary , who was strongly endowed by nature with a turn for being uniformly civil and happy , was hardly seated before her admiration of the parlour and every thing in it burst forth .
3 : 3 Behold , we put bits in the horses ' mouths , that they may obey us ; and we turn about their whole body .
I believe I have been wrong in saying so much , but I hardly know what to do , and on your prudence I have the strongest dependence .
Marianne had now been brought by degrees , so much into the habit of going out every day , that it was become a matter of indifference to her , whether she went or not : and she prepared quietly and mechanically for every evening ' s engagement , though without expecting the smallest amusement from any , and very often without knowing , till the last moment , where it was to take her .
2 : 27 But the anointing which ye have received of him abideth in you , and ye need not that any man teach you : but as the same anointing teacheth you of all things , and is truth , and is no lie , and even as it hath taught you , ye shall abide in him .
8 : 3 And he humbled thee , and suffered thee to hunger , and fed thee with manna , which thou knewest not , neither did thy fathers know ; that he might make thee know that man doth not live by bread only , but by every word that proceedeth out of the mouth of the LORD doth man live .
4 : 18 And if the righteous scarcely be saved , where shall the ungodly and the sinner appear ?
I must get rid of every thing .-- There it goes , and there is an end , thank Heaven !
122 : 9 Because of the house of the LORD our God I will seek thy good .
And Saul and Jonathan were taken : but the people escaped .
19 : 10 Then shalt thou break the bottle in the sight of the men that go with thee , 19 : 11 And shalt say unto them , Thus saith the LORD of hosts ; Even so will I break this people and this city , as one breaketh a potter ' s vessel , that cannot be made whole again : and they shall bury them in Tophet , till there be no place to bury .
3 : 27 After them the Tekoites repaired another piece , over against the great tower that lieth out , even unto the wall of Ophel .
But colds were never so prevalent as they have been this autumn .
34 : 28 Behold , I will gather thee to thy fathers , and thou shalt be gathered to thy grave in peace , neither shall thine eyes see all the evil that I will bring upon this place , and upon the inhabitants of the same .
20 : 26 And on the fourth day they assembled themselves in the valley of Berachah ; for there they blessed the LORD : therefore the name of the same place was called , The valley of Berachah , unto this day .
I have never been attached to him .
She almost ran out of the room , and as soon as the door was closed , burst into tears of joy , which at first she thought would never cease .
22 : 9 There went up a smoke out of his nostrils , and fire out of his mouth devoured : coals were kindled by it .
saith the LORD of hosts unto you , O priests , that despise my name .
4 : 31 Let all bitterness , and wrath , and anger , and clamour , and evil speaking , be put away from you , with all malice : 4 : 32 And be ye kind one to another , tenderhearted , forgiving one another , even as God for Christ ' s sake hath forgiven you .
17 : 8 A gift is as a precious stone in the eyes of him that hath it : whithersoever it turneth , it prospereth .
Then Joab came to Jerusalem .
8 : 12 Then Solomon offered burnt offerings unto the LORD on the altar of the LORD , which he had built before the porch , 8 : 13 Even after a certain rate every day , offering according to the commandment of Moses , on the sabbaths , and on the new moons , and on the solemn feasts , three times in the year , even in the feast of unleavened bread , and in the feast of weeks , and in the feast of tabernacles .
And hereby we know that he abideth in us , by the Spirit which he hath given us .
7 : 5 For , when we were come into Macedonia , our flesh had no rest , but we were troubled on every side ; without were fightings , within were fears .
37 : 20 And in the candlestick were four bowls made like almonds , his knops , and his flowers : 37 : 21 And a knop under two branches of the same , and a knop under two branches of the same , and a knop under two branches of the same , according to the six branches going out of it .
33 : 1 And Jacob lifted up his eyes , and looked , and , behold , Esau came , and with him four hundred men .
" I do not understand what you mean by ` success ,'" said Mr . Knightley .
21 : 19 And when he saw a fig tree in the way , he came to it , and found nothing thereon , but leaves only , and said unto it , Let no fruit grow on thee henceforward for ever .
19 : 10 And Saul sought to smite David even to the wall with the javelin : but he slipped away out of Saul ' s presence , and he smote the javelin into the wall : and David fled , and escaped that night .
66 : 10 For thou , O God , hast proved us : thou hast tried us , as silver is tried .
She was earnestly begged to return and dine , and give them all the rest of the day , but her spirits had been so long exerted that at present she felt unequal to more , and fit only for home , where she might be sure of being as silent as she chose .
8 : 29 And Moses took the breast , and waved it for a wave offering before the LORD : for of the ram of consecration it was Moses ' part ; as the LORD commanded Moses .
Marianne was in every respect materially better , and he declared her entirely out of danger .
There can be no doubt of its being written for you and to you ."
9 : 3 And Tyrus did build herself a strong hold , and heaped up silver as the dust , and fine gold as the mire of the streets .
18 : 27 But Rabshakeh said unto them , Hath my master sent me to thy master , and to thee , to speak these words ?
12 : 14 Bless them which persecute you : bless , and curse not .
42 : 3 My tears have been my meat day and night , while they continually say unto me , Where is thy God ?
She would not let Jane say , ` No ;' for when Jane first heard of it , ( it was the day before yesterday , the very morning we were at Donwell ,) when Jane first heard of it , she was quite decided against accepting the offer , and for the reasons you mention ; exactly as you say , she had made up her mind to close with nothing till Colonel Campbell ' s return , and nothing should induce her to enter into any engagement at present -- and so she told Mrs . Elton over and over again -- and I am sure I had no more idea that she would change her mind !-- but that good Mrs . Elton , whose judgment never fails her , saw farther than I did .
It soon appeared that he came to announce an improvement .
" I understand you ," said Elinor .
And the sons of Ishi were , Zoheth , and Benzoheth .
16 : 16 How much better is it to get wisdom than gold !
Then , if you please , you shall send it all to Mrs . Goddard ' s -- I do not know -- No , I think , Miss Woodhouse , I may just as well have it sent to Hartfield , and take it home with me at night .
25 : 5 If brethren dwell together , and one of them die , and have no child , the wife of the dead shall not marry without unto a stranger : her husband ' s brother shall go in unto her , and take her to him to wife , and perform the duty of an husband ' s brother unto her .
21 : 26 And David built there an altar unto the LORD , and offered burnt offerings and peace offerings , and called upon the LORD ; and he answered him from heaven by fire upon the altar of burnt offering .
thy children have forsaken me , and sworn by them that are no gods : when I had fed them to the full , they then committed adultery , and assembled themselves by troops in the harlots ' houses .
His eyes want all that spirit , that fire , which at once announce virtue and intelligence .
Emma was most agreeably surprized .-- Mr .
21 : 5 The thoughts of the diligent tend only to plenteousness ; but of every one that is hasty only to want .
Brandon is one of them .
And he brought it near to him , and he did eat : and he brought him wine and he drank .
Tell her of my misery and my penitence -- tell her that my heart was never inconstant to her , and if you will , that at this moment she is dearer to me than ever ."
17 : 24 And it shall come to pass , if ye diligently hearken unto me , saith the LORD , to bring in no burden through the gates of this city on the sabbath day , but hallow the sabbath day , to do no work therein ; 17 : 25 Then shall there enter into the gates of this city kings and princes sitting upon the throne of David , riding in chariots and on horses , they , and their princes , the men of Judah , and the inhabitants of Jerusalem : and this city shall remain for ever .
15 : 21 For since by man came death , by man came also the resurrection of the dead .
18 : 18 Thou wilt surely wear away , both thou , and this people that is with thee : for this thing is too heavy for thee ; thou art not able to perform it thyself alone .
22 : 24 As I live , saith the LORD , though Coniah the son of Jehoiakim king of Judah were the signet upon my right hand , yet would I pluck thee thence ; 22 : 25 And I will give thee into the hand of them that seek thy life , and into the hand of them whose face thou fearest , even into the hand of Nebuchadrezzar king of Babylon , and into the hand of the Chaldeans .
59 : 4 None calleth for justice , nor any pleadeth for truth : they trust in vanity , and speak lies ; they conceive mischief , and bring forth iniquity .
And he said , As the LORD liveth , and as thy soul liveth , I will not leave thee .
He was in high spirits ; as ready to talk and laugh as ever , and seemed delighted to speak of his former visit , and recur to old stories : and he was not without agitation .
Elinor , without observing the varying complexion of her sister , and the animated look which spoke no indifference to the plan , immediately gave a grateful but absolute denial for both , in which she believed herself to be speaking their united inclinations .
109 : 22 For I am poor and needy , and my heart is wounded within me .
" Yes -- a good deal _nearer_ ."
7 : 17 And this rumour of him went forth throughout all Judaea , and throughout all the region round about .
42 : 6 O my God , my soul is cast down within me : therefore will I remember thee from the land of Jordan , and of the Hermonites , from the hill Mizar .
I will not allow it to be more man ' s nature than woman ' s to be inconstant and forget those they do love , or have loved .
5 : 27 I charge you by the Lord that this epistle be read unto all the holy brethren .
And Jehudi read it in the ears of the king , and in the ears of all the princes which stood beside the king .
22 : 3 And the king of Israel said unto his servants , Know ye that Ramoth in Gilead is ours , and we be still , and take it not out of the hand of the king of Syria ?
He promised to join me here , and pay his respects to you ."
" Were you really ?-- Well !-- But you observed nothing of course , for it seems to be a new idea to you .-- If I had been there , I think I should have made some discoveries ."
107 : 6 Then they cried unto the LORD in their trouble , and he delivered them out of their distresses .
I thought you were speaking of some man of property : Mr Wentworth was nobody , I remember ; quite unconnected ; nothing to do with the Strafford family .
12 : 4 And Ismaiah the Gibeonite , a mighty man among the thirty , and over the thirty ; and Jeremiah , and Jahaziel , and Johanan , and Josabad the Gederathite , 12 : 5 Eluzai , and Jerimoth , and Bealiah , and Shemariah , and Shephatiah the Haruphite , 12 : 6 Elkanah , and Jesiah , and Azareel , and Joezer , and Jashobeam , the Korhites , 12 : 7 And Joelah , and Zebadiah , the sons of Jeroham of Gedor .
33 : 33 If not , hearken unto me : hold thy peace , and I shall teach thee wisdom .
8 : 10 For if any man see thee which hast knowledge sit at meat in the idol ' s temple , shall not the conscience of him which is weak be emboldened to eat those things which are offered to idols ; 8 : 11 And through thy knowledge shall the weak brother perish , for whom Christ died ?
7 : 26 But what went ye out for to see ?
10 : 15 I speak as to wise men ; judge ye what I say .
119 : 46 I will speak of thy testimonies also before kings , and will not be ashamed .
17 : 8 And he stood and cried unto the armies of Israel , and said unto them , Why are ye come out to set your battle in array ?
Supported by the conviction of having done nothing to merit her present unhappiness , and consoled by the belief that Edward had done nothing to forfeit her esteem , she thought she could even now , under the first smart of the heavy blow , command herself enough to guard every suspicion of the truth from her mother and sisters .
And as for Mrs . Hodges , Wright holds her very cheap indeed .-- She promised Wright a receipt , and never sent it ."
I thought it coming on before our acquaintance ceased , but it is now a confirmed feeling .
12 : 26 And as touching the dead , that they rise : have ye not read in the book of Moses , how in the bush God spake unto him , saying , I am the God of Abraham , and the God of Isaac , and the God of Jacob ?
It was as much , however , as was desired , and more than was expected , by Edward and Elinor ; and Mrs . Ferrars herself , by her shuffling excuses , seemed the only person surprised at her not giving more .
19 : 13 And say ye to Amasa , Art thou not of my bone , and of my flesh ?
The others had been talking of the child , Mrs . Weston giving an account of a little alarm she had been under , the evening before , from the infant ' s appearing not quite well .
2 : 12 And to the angel of the church in Pergamos write ; These things saith he which hath the sharp sword with two edges ; 2 : 13 I know thy works , and where thou dwellest , even where Satan ' s seat is : and thou holdest fast my name , and hast not denied my faith , even in those days wherein Antipas was my faithful martyr , who was slain among you , where Satan dwelleth .
Disingenuousness and double dealing seemed to meet him at every turn .
5 : 7 And the remnant of Jacob shall be in the midst of many people as a dew from the LORD , as the showers upon the grass , that tarrieth not for man , nor waiteth for the sons of men .
4 : 18 For the builders , every one had his sword girded by his side , and so builded .
17 : 3 And the people thirsted there for water ; and the people murmured against Moses , and said , Wherefore is this that thou hast brought us up out of Egypt , to kill us and our children and our cattle with thirst ?
for seven had her to wife .
She was not yet dancing ; she was working her way up from the bottom , and had therefore leisure to look around , and by only turning her head a little she saw it all .
I could not have believed it !
have I begotten them , that thou shouldest say unto me , Carry them in thy bosom , as a nursing father beareth the sucking child , unto the land which thou swarest unto their fathers ?
4 : 8 We are troubled on every side , yet not distressed ; we are perplexed , but not in despair ; 4 : 9 Persecuted , but not forsaken ; cast down , but not destroyed ; 4 : 10 Always bearing about in the body the dying of the Lord Jesus , that the life also of Jesus might be made manifest in our body .
25 : 18 Wherefore ye shall do my statutes , and keep my judgments , and do them ; and ye shall dwell in the land in safety .
All I have ever attempted to influence has been the behaviour .
11 : 6 And there shall be a great cry throughout all the land of Egypt , such as there was none like it , nor shall be like it any more .
19 : 8 And if the LORD thy God enlarge thy coast , as he hath sworn unto thy fathers , and give thee all the land which he promised to give unto thy fathers ; 19 : 9 If thou shalt keep all these commandments to do them , which I command thee this day , to love the LORD thy God , and to walk ever in his ways ; then shalt thou add three cities more for thee , beside these three : 19 : 10 That innocent blood be not shed in thy land , which the LORD thy God giveth thee for an inheritance , and so blood be upon thee .
4 : 3 And under it was the similitude of oxen , which did compass it round about : ten in a cubit , compassing the sea round about .
23 : 29 In his days Pharaohnechoh king of Egypt went up against the king of Assyria to the river Euphrates : and king Josiah went against him ; and he slew him at Megiddo , when he had seen him .
11 : 25 And whosoever beareth ought of the carcase of them shall wash his clothes , and be unclean until the even .
23 : 29 And Balaam said unto Balak , Build me here seven altars , and prepare me here seven bullocks and seven rams .
4 : 11 I have overthrown some of you , as God overthrew Sodom and Gomorrah , and ye were as a firebrand plucked out of the burning : yet have ye not returned unto me , saith the LORD .
8 : 20 And Noah builded an altar unto the LORD ; and took of every clean beast , and of every clean fowl , and offered burnt offerings on the altar .
Anne Elliot , with all her claims of birth , beauty , and mind , to throw herself away at nineteen ; involve herself at nineteen in an engagement with a young man , who had nothing but himself to recommend him , and no hopes of attaining affluence , but in the chances of a most uncertain profession , and no connexions to secure even his farther rise in the profession , would be , indeed , a throwing away , which she grieved to think of !
But he would not hearken unto her .
15 : 21 A dreadful sound is in his ears : in prosperity the destroyer shall come upon him .
1 : 3 For I rejoiced greatly , when the brethren came and testified of the truth that is in thee , even as thou walkest in the truth .
15 : 31 So Samuel turned again after Saul ; and Saul worshipped the LORD .
17 : 27 And all the men of his house , born in the house , and bought with money of the stranger , were circumcised with him .
13 : 10 So he went another way , and returned not by the way that he came to Bethel .
9 : 18 Wisdom is better than weapons of war : but one sinner destroyeth much good .
44 : 6 For I will not trust in my bow , neither shall my sword save me .
21 : 17 And God heard the voice of the lad ; and the angel of God called to Hagar out of heaven , and said unto her , What aileth thee , Hagar ?
" Certainly .
Depend upon it he had encouragement ."
1 : 15 And in this confidence I was minded to come unto you before , that ye might have a second benefit ; 1 : 16 And to pass by you into Macedonia , and to come again out of Macedonia unto you , and of you to be brought on my way toward Judaea .
The idea of Mr . Elton was certainly cheering ; but still , after a time , she was tender - hearted again towards the rejected Mr . Martin .
57 : 5 Enflaming yourselves with idols under every green tree , slaying the children in the valleys under the clifts of the rocks ?
" Mr Elliot ," replied Mrs Smith , " at that period of his life , had one object in view : to make his fortune , and by a rather quicker process than the law .
All that she could hope , was that Edward would not often expose her or himself to the distress of hearing Marianne ' s mistaken warmth , nor to the repetition of any other part of the pain that had attended their recent meeting -- and this she had every reason to expect .
She was not sorry .
It had just occurred to Mrs . Weston that Mrs . Elton must be asked to begin the ball ; that she would expect it ; which interfered with all their wishes of giving Emma that distinction .-- Emma heard the sad truth with fortitude .
I think , on the contrary , when people shut themselves up entirely from society , it is a very bad thing ; and that it is much more advisable to mix in the world in a proper degree , without living in it either too much or too little .
18 : 28 Then Rabshakeh stood and cried with a loud voice in the Jews ' language , and spake , saying , Hear the word of the great king , the king of Assyria : 18 : 29 Thus saith the king , Let not Hezekiah deceive you : for he shall not be able to deliver you out of his hand : 18 : 30 Neither let Hezekiah make you trust in the LORD , saying , The LORD will surely deliver us , and this city shall not be delivered into the hand of the king of Assyria .
I wonder which she will think the handsomest , Henry or John ?"
22 : 3 And it came to pass in the eighteenth year of king Josiah , that the king sent Shaphan the son of Azaliah , the son of Meshullam , the scribe , to the house of the LORD , saying , 22 : 4 Go up to Hilkiah the high priest , that he may sum the silver which is brought into the house of the LORD , which the keepers of the door have gathered of the people : 22 : 5 And let them deliver it into the hand of the doers of the work , that have the oversight of the house of the LORD : and let them give it to the doers of the work which is in the house of the LORD , to repair the breaches of the house , 22 : 6 Unto carpenters , and builders , and masons , and to buy timber and hewn stone to repair the house .
40 : 16 And Lebanon is not sufficient to burn , nor the beasts thereof sufficient for a burnt offering .
I have had my doubts , I confess ; but they are fainter than they were , and they may soon be entirely done away .
Mr . Woodhouse ' s peculiarities and fidgetiness were sometimes provoking him to a rational remonstrance or sharp retort equally ill - bestowed .
3 : 11 For only Og king of Bashan remained of the remnant of giants ; behold his bedstead was a bedstead of iron ; is it not in Rabbath of the children of Ammon ?
But how this is sweet maid , I know not , and I cannot know I ponder , and I cannot ponder ; yet I live and love .
23 : 17 Then all the people went to the house of Baal , and brake it down , and brake his altars and his images in pieces , and slew Mattan the priest of Baal before the altars .
Again , it was Mary ' s complaint , that Mrs Musgrove was very apt not to give her the precedence that was her due , when they dined at the Great House with other families ; and she did not see any reason why she was to be considered so much at home as to lose her place .
She was sure of a pleasant reception ; and her friend seemed this morning particularly obliged to her for coming , seemed hardly to have expected her , though it had been an appointment .
20 : 5 These going before tarried for us at Troas .
People of the name of Tupman , very lately settled there , and encumbered with many low connexions , but giving themselves immense airs , and expecting to be on a footing with the old established families .
And being turned , I saw seven golden candlesticks ; 1 : 13 And in the midst of the seven candlesticks one like unto the Son of man , clothed with a garment down to the foot , and girt about the paps with a golden girdle .
21 : 13 Thus they gave to the children of Aaron the priest Hebron with her suburbs , to be a city of refuge for the slayer ; and Libnah with her suburbs , 21 : 14 And Jattir with her suburbs , and Eshtemoa with her suburbs , 21 : 15 And Holon with her suburbs , and Debir with her suburbs , 21 : 16 And Ain with her suburbs , and Juttah with her suburbs , and Bethshemesh with her suburbs ; nine cities out of those two tribes .
18 : 2 And the children of Dan sent of their family five men from their coasts , men of valour , from Zorah , and from Eshtaol , to spy out the land , and to search it ; and they said unto them , Go , search the land : who when they came to mount Ephraim , to the house of Micah , they lodged there .
2 : 5 Therefore thou shalt have none that shall cast a cord by lot in the congregation of the LORD .
11 : 12 And when he hath taken away the multitude , his heart shall be lifted up ; and he shall cast down many ten thousands : but he shall not be strengthened by it .
25 : 9 The meek will he guide in judgment : and the meek will he teach his way .
My first displays the wealth and pomp of kings , Lords of the earth !
9 : 6 But if ye shall at all turn from following me , ye or your children , and will not keep my commandments and my statutes which I have set before you , but go and serve other gods , and worship them : 9 : 7 Then will I cut off Israel out of the land which I have given them ; and this house , which I have hallowed for my name , will I cast out of my sight ; and Israel shall be a proverb and a byword among all people : 9 : 8 And at this house , which is high , every one that passeth by it shall be astonished , and shall hiss ; and they shall say , Why hath the LORD done thus unto this land , and to this house ?
" You were a good while at Lyme , I think ?"
And Tobiah sent letters to put me in fear .
" I do not know .
This card - room would be wanted as a card - room now ; or , if cards were conveniently voted unnecessary by their four selves , still was it not too small for any comfortable supper ?
It came from Mr Elliot .
4 : 44 So he set it before them , and they did eat , and left thereof , according to the word of the LORD .
shall he turn away , and not return ?
" Such a fortnight as it has been !"
" And I am sure I should never want to go there ; for I am never happy but at Hartfield ."
14 : 6 Ye have shamed the counsel of the poor , because the LORD is his refuge .
No , it was long enough , broad enough , handsome enough .
20 : 9 And Joab said to Amasa , Art thou in health , my brother ?
But Mrs . Dixon must be very much disappointed .
.
26 : 7 He stretcheth out the north over the empty place , and hangeth the earth upon nothing .
15 : 1 Then answered Eliphaz the Temanite , and said , 15 : 2 Should a wise man utter vain knowledge , and fill his belly with the east wind ?
" I do suspect that in the midst of your perplexities at that time , you had very great amusement in tricking us all .-- I am sure you had .-- I am sure it was a consolation to you ."
4 : 31 And this is the charge of their burden , according to all their service in the tabernacle of the congregation ; the boards of the tabernacle , and the bars thereof , and the pillars thereof , and sockets thereof , 4 : 32 And the pillars of the court round about , and their sockets , and their pins , and their cords , with all their instruments , and with all their service : and by name ye shall reckon the instruments of the charge of their burden .
It has been , and is , and probably will always be a heavy misfortune to me , that I have had no necessary business to engage me , no profession to give me employment , or afford me any thing like independence .
20 : 3 Thou shalt have no other gods before me .
11 : 32 And the days of Terah were two hundred and five years : and Terah died in Haran .
Now thou , O Belteshazzar , declare the interpretation thereof , forasmuch as all the wise men of my kingdom are not able to make known unto me the interpretation : but thou art able ; for the spirit of the holy gods is in thee .
said Mr . Weston .
You will not be hysterical again .
73 : 21 Thus my heart was grieved , and I was pricked in my reins .
18 : 2 And David sent forth a third part of the people under the hand of Joab , and a third part under the hand of Abishai the son of Zeruiah , Joab ' s brother , and a third part under the hand of Ittai the Gittite .
I admire them much more if they are tall , straight , and flourishing .
You cannot really , seriously , doubt it .
My poor mother was half frantic ."
All the little variations of the last week were gone through ; and of yesterday and today there could scarcely be an end .
I love him already ."
And he saith unto them , Whose is this image and superscription ?
" We want only two more to be just the right number .
that is quite surprising , for we have had a vast deal of rain here .
And he said , Hast thou not reserved a blessing for me ?
" Norland is a prodigious beautiful place , is not it ?"
4 : 9 Then saith the woman of Samaria unto him , How is it that thou , being a Jew , askest drink of me , which am a woman of Samaria ?
32 : 20 They shall fall in the midst of them that are slain by the sword : she is delivered to the sword : draw her and all her multitudes .
9 : 53 And they did not receive him , because his face was as though he would go to Jerusalem .
32 : 28 And the children of Levi did according to the word of Moses : and there fell of the people that day about three thousand men .
19 : 10 And what cause soever shall come to you of your brethren that dwell in your cities , between blood and blood , between law and commandment , statutes and judgments , ye shall even warn them that they trespass not against the LORD , and so wrath come upon you , and upon your brethren : this do , and ye shall not trespass .
Weston ."
23 : 7 Is this your joyous city , whose antiquity is of ancient days ?
this must be the very shop that every body attends every day of their lives , as my father informs me .
46 : 21 Then he brought me forth into the utter court , and caused me to pass by the four corners of the court ; and , behold , in every corner of the court there was a court .
A few moments ' reflection , however , produced a very happy idea , and she exclaimed ;--
In the drawing - room , whither she then repaired , she was soon joined by Mrs . Jennings , with a wine - glass , full of something , in her hand .
5 : 39 Search the scriptures ; for in them ye think ye have eternal life : and they are they which testify of me .
He seemed to me very well off as he was .
She had little difficulty ; it was soon determined that they would go ; go to - morrow , fix themselves at the inn , or get into lodgings , as it suited , and there remain till dear Louisa could be moved .
8 : 7 And they had a few small fishes : and he blessed , and commanded to set them also before them .
16 : 9 He teareth me in his wrath , who hateth me : he gnasheth upon me with his teeth ; mine enemy sharpeneth his eyes upon me .
27 : 7 And the staves shall be put into the rings , and the staves shall be upon the two sides of the altar , to bear it .
23 : 20 For she doted upon their paramours , whose flesh is as the flesh of asses , and whose issue is like the issue of horses .
will he enter with thee into judgment ?
" There is no persuading you to change your mind , Brandon , I know of old ," said Sir John , " when once you are determined on anything .
.
Then I went to my pretty rose tree , To tend her by day and by night ; But my rose turned away with jealousy , And her thorns were my only delight .
44 : 6 Thus saith the LORD the King of Israel , and his redeemer the LORD of hosts ; I am the first , and I am the last ; and beside me there is no God .
" It is very true .
8 : 22 And he brought the other ram , the ram of consecration : and Aaron and his sons laid their hands upon the head of the ram .
24 : 2 For he hath founded it upon the seas , and established it upon the floods .
His own enjoyment , or his own ease , was , in every particular , his ruling principle ."
The sons of Aaron ; Nadab , and Abihu , Eleazar , and Ithamar .
2 : 20 Behold , O LORD , and consider to whom thou hast done this .
23 : 8 Behold , I go forward , but he is not there ; and backward , but I cannot perceive him : 23 : 9 On the left hand , where he doth work , but I cannot behold him : he hideth himself on the right hand , that I cannot see him : 23 : 10 But he knoweth the way that I take : when he hath tried me , I shall come forth as gold .
my dear sir , how are you this morning ?
But when the second moment had passed , when she found every doubt , every solicitude removed , compared her situation with what so lately it had been ,-- saw him honourably released from his former engagement , saw him instantly profiting by the release , to address herself and declare an affection as tender , as constant as she had ever supposed it to be ,-- she was oppressed , she was overcome by her own felicity ;-- and happily disposed as is the human mind to be easily familiarized with any change for the better , it required several hours to give sedateness to her spirits , or any degree of tranquillity to her heart .
And they turned their faces , and said unto Micah , What aileth thee , that thou comest with such a company ?
72 : 11 Yea , all kings shall fall down before him : all nations shall serve him .
For ten minutes she could hear nothing but herself .
27 : 20 Terrors take hold on him as waters , a tempest stealeth him away in the night .
9 : 11 Lo , he goeth by me , and I see him not : he passeth on also , but I perceive him not .
132 : 14 This is my rest for ever : here will I dwell ; for I have desired it .
8 : 22 Repent therefore of this thy wickedness , and pray God , if perhaps the thought of thine heart may be forgiven thee .
and she and her partner the happiest !--" I said it would be so ," was the only consolation .
1 : 19 So they two went until they came to Bethlehem .
But this was a vain idea .
It was now the middle of June , and the weather fine ; and Mrs . Elton was growing impatient to name the day , and settle with Mr . Weston as to pigeon - pies and cold lamb , when a lame carriage - horse threw every thing into sad uncertainty .
1 : 17 Now the LORD had prepared a great fish to swallow up Jonah .
8 : 36 They also which saw it told them by what means he that was possessed of the devils was healed .
I know he did .
5 : 13 And withal they learn to be idle , wandering about from house to house ; and not only idle , but tattlers also and busybodies , speaking things which they ought not .
20 : 31 And the children of Benjamin went out against the people , and were drawn away from the city ; and they began to smite of the people , and kill , as at other times , in the highways , of which one goeth up to the house of God , and the other to Gibeah in the field , about thirty men of Israel .
25 : 31 When the Son of man shall come in his glory , and all the holy angels with him , then shall he sit upon the throne of his glory : 25 : 32 And before him shall be gathered all nations : and he shall separate them one from another , as a shepherd divideth his sheep from the goats : 25 : 33 And he shall set the sheep on his right hand , but the goats on the left .
3 : 14 But the dung gate repaired Malchiah the son of Rechab , the ruler of part of Bethhaccerem ; he built it , and set up the doors thereof , the locks thereof , and the bars thereof .
8 : 1 And the men of Ephraim said unto him , Why hast thou served us thus , that thou calledst us not , when thou wentest to fight with the Midianites ?
Lord !
Mr . Weston was chatty and convivial , and no friend to early separations of any sort ; but at last the drawing - room party did receive an augmentation .
11 : 12 And he brought forth the king ' s son , and put the crown upon him , and gave him the testimony ; and they made him king , and anointed him ; and they clapped their hands , and said , God save the king .
18 : 40 Thou hast also given me the necks of mine enemies ; that I might destroy them that hate me .
10 : 27 And Jesus looking upon them saith , With men it is impossible , but not with God : for with God all things are possible .
18 : 29 And he spake unto him yet again , and said , Peradventure there shall be forty found there .
" She could not make a very long history , I think , of one such little article of unfounded news ."
21 : 11 When the scorner is punished , the simple is made wise : and when the wise is instructed , he receiveth knowledge .
1 : 1 The burden of Nineveh .
14 : 4 Howbeit the high places were not taken away : as yet the people did sacrifice and burnt incense on the high places .
and behold the height of the stars , how high they are !
Your exclamation is very natural ."
24 : 12 The LORD judge between me and thee , and the LORD avenge me of thee : but mine hand shall not be upon thee .
And it came to pass , as the ark of God came to Ekron , that the Ekronites cried out , saying , They have brought about the ark of the God of Israel to us , to slay us and our people .
2 : 10 The Chaldeans answered before the king , and said , There is not a man upon the earth that can shew the king ' s matter : therefore there is no king , lord , nor ruler , that asked such things at any magician , or astrologer , or Chaldean .
10 : 2 For then would they not have ceased to be offered ?
And he said , Peaceably .
3 : 14 And she lay at his feet until the morning : and she rose up before one could know another .
In the course of a second visit she talked with great openness , and Anne ' s astonishment increased .
But I hardly know -- the misery that you have inflicted -- I hardly know what could have made it worse ."
Emma wished he would be less pointed , yet could not help being amused ; and when on glancing her eye towards Jane Fairfax she caught the remains of a smile , when she saw that with all the deep blush of consciousness , there had been a smile of secret delight , she had less scruple in the amusement , and much less compunction with respect to her .-- This amiable , upright , perfect Jane Fairfax was apparently cherishing very reprehensible feelings .
or , What shall we drink ?
12 : 2 And it came to pass , when Jeroboam the son of Nebat , who was yet in Egypt , heard of it , ( for he was fled from the presence of king Solomon , and Jeroboam dwelt in Egypt ;) 12 : 3 That they sent and called him .
There will be nothing singular in his case ; and it is singularity which often makes the worst part of our suffering , as it always does of our conduct .
12 : 1 Now about that time Herod the king stretched forth his hands to vex certain of the church .
Of John I know very little , though we have lived together for years ; but of Willoughby my judgment has long been formed ."
15 : 29 In the days of Pekah king of Israel came Tiglathpileser king of Assyria , and took Ijon , and Abelbethmaachah , and Janoah , and Kedesh , and Hazor , and Gilead , and Galilee , all the land of Naphtali , and carried them captive to Assyria .
24 : 3 And if the latter husband hate her , and write her a bill of divorcement , and giveth it in her hand , and sendeth her out of his house ; or if the latter husband die , which took her to be his wife ; 24 : 4 Her former husband , which sent her away , may not take her again to be his wife , after that she is defiled ; for that is abomination before the LORD : and thou shalt not cause the land to sin , which the LORD thy God giveth thee for an inheritance .
One question after this only remained undecided , between them , one difficulty only was to be overcome .
18 : 33 He maketh my feet like hinds ' feet , and setteth me upon my high places .
19 : 21 And he shall bring his trespass offering unto the LORD , unto the door of the tabernacle of the congregation , even a ram for a trespass offering .
111 : 4 He hath made his wonderful works to be remembered : the LORD is gracious and full of compassion .
Mr . Knightley , who had nothing of ceremony about him , was offering by his short , decided answers , an amusing contrast to the protracted apologies and civil hesitations of the other .
2 : 17 Ye have wearied the LORD with your words .
25 : 21 Now David had said , Surely in vain have I kept all that this fellow hath in the wilderness , so that nothing was missed of all that pertained unto him : and he hath requited me evil for good .
Emma , I must tell you what you will not ask , though I may wish it unsaid the next moment ."
And the angel of the LORD stood by .
Anne could just acknowledge within herself such a possibility of having been induced to marry him , as made her shudder at the idea of the misery which must have followed .
22 : 8 That which dieth of itself , or is torn with beasts , he shall not eat to defile himself therewith ; I am the LORD .
And I am not only , not going to be married , at present , but have very little intention of ever marrying at all ."
1 : 22 And God blessed them , saying , Be fruitful , and multiply , and fill the waters in the seas , and let fowl multiply in the earth .
119 : 112 I have inclined mine heart to perform thy statutes alway , even unto the end .
4 : 34 And Meshobab , and Jamlech , and Joshah , the son of Amaziah , 4 : 35 And Joel , and Jehu the son of Josibiah , the son of Seraiah , the son of Asiel , 4 : 36 And Elioenai , and Jaakobah , and Jeshohaiah , and Asaiah , and Adiel , and Jesimiel , and Benaiah , 4 : 37 And Ziza the son of Shiphi , the son of Allon , the son of Jedaiah , the son of Shimri , the son of Shemaiah ; 4 : 38 These mentioned by their names were princes in their families : and the house of their fathers increased greatly .
23 : 12 And ye shall offer that day when ye wave the sheaf an he lamb without blemish of the first year for a burnt offering unto the LORD .
3 : 9 And Joshua said unto the children of Israel , Come hither , and hear the words of the LORD your God .
Oh no ; we all felt that we were going to be only half a mile apart , and were sure of meeting every day ."
4 : 12 And Jesus answering said unto him , It is said , Thou shalt not tempt the Lord thy God .
" Thank you , dear Miss Woodhouse , you are all kindness .-- It is impossible to say -- Yes , indeed , I quite understand -- dearest Jane ' s prospects -- that is , I do not mean .-- But she is charmingly recovered .-- How is Mr .
His circumstances are now unembarrassed -- he suffers from no evil of that kind ; and he thinks only that he has married a woman of a less amiable temper than yourself .
39 : 18 Ye shall eat the flesh of the mighty , and drink the blood of the princes of the earth , of rams , of lambs , and of goats , of bullocks , all of them fatlings of Bashan .
I shut my eyes , and would not understand you , or do you justice .
16 : 1 Observe the month of Abib , and keep the passover unto the LORD thy God : for in the month of Abib the LORD thy God brought thee forth out of Egypt by night .
I am half agony , half hope .
17 : 16 Now therefore send quickly , and tell David , saying , Lodge not this night in the plains of the wilderness , but speedily pass over ; lest the king be swallowed up , and all the people that are with him .
11 : 7 For a man indeed ought not to cover his head , forasmuch as he is the image and glory of God : but the woman is the glory of the man .
11 : 32 The men of Nineve shall rise up in the judgment with this generation , and shall condemn it : for they repented at the preaching of Jonas ; and , behold , a greater than Jonas is here .
26 : 8 And the sons of Pallu ; Eliab .
2 : 24 Rise ye up , take your journey , and pass over the river Arnon : behold , I have given into thine hand Sihon the Amorite , king of Heshbon , and his land : begin to possess it , and contend with him in battle .
29 : 33 And she conceived again , and bare a son ; and said , Because the LORD hath heard I was hated , he hath therefore given me this son also : and she called his name Simeon .
19 : 11 Ye shall not steal , neither deal falsely , neither lie one to another .
17 : 39 But the LORD your God ye shall fear ; and he shall deliver you out of the hand of all your enemies .
31 : 9 Then Hezekiah questioned with the priests and the Levites concerning the heaps .
16 : 7 And the angel of the LORD found her by a fountain of water in the wilderness , by the fountain in the way to Shur .
She was not obliged to hear .
" Oh !
140 : 10 Let burning coals fall upon them : let them be cast into the fire ; into deep pits , that they rise not up again .
I always say a woman cannot have too many resources -- and I feel very thankful that I have so many myself as to be quite independent of society ."
22 : 27 But to the land whereunto they desire to return , thither shall they not return .
she replied .
2 : 46 And it came to pass , that after three days they found him in the temple , sitting in the midst of the doctors , both hearing them , and asking them questions .
" _My_ report from Mrs . Goddard ' s ," said she presently , " was not so pleasant as I had hoped --` Not better ' was _my_ answer ."
8 : 9 Associate yourselves , O ye people , and ye shall be broken in pieces ; and give ear , all ye of far countries : gird yourselves , and ye shall be broken in pieces ; gird yourselves , and ye shall be broken in pieces .
Harriet was not insensible of manner ; she had voluntarily noticed her father ' s gentleness with admiration as well as wonder .
Are ye not much better than they ?
25 : 15 The staves shall be in the rings of the ark : they shall not be taken from it .
Was he at all such as he appears now ?"
9 : 4 They shall not offer wine offerings to the LORD , neither shall they be pleasing unto him : their sacrifices shall be unto them as the bread of mourners ; all that eat thereof shall be polluted : for their bread for their soul shall not come into the house of the LORD .
2 : 26 And it was revealed unto him by the Holy Ghost , that he should not see death , before he had seen the Lord ' s Christ .
And Jacob sware by the fear of his father Isaac .
" When Frank left us ," continued he , " it was quite uncertain when we might see him again , which makes this day ' s news doubly welcome .
21 : 7 Therefore the people came to Moses , and said , We have sinned , for we have spoken against the LORD , and against thee ; pray unto the LORD , that he take away the serpents from us .
14 : 1 And the LORD spake unto Moses , saying , 14 : 2 This shall be the law of the leper in the day of his cleansing : He shall be brought unto the priest : 14 : 3 And the priest shall go forth out of the camp ; and the priest shall look , and , behold , if the plague of leprosy be healed in the leper ; 14 : 4 Then shall the priest command to take for him that is to be cleansed two birds alive and clean , and cedar wood , and scarlet , and hyssop : 14 : 5 And the priest shall command that one of the birds be killed in an earthen vessel over running water : 14 : 6 As for the living bird , he shall take it , and the cedar wood , and the scarlet , and the hyssop , and shall dip them and the living bird in the blood of the bird that was killed over the running water : 14 : 7 And he shall sprinkle upon him that is to be cleansed from the leprosy seven times , and shall pronounce him clean , and shall let the living bird loose into the open field .
2 : 8 The children of Zattu , nine hundred forty and five .
15 : 35 And Samuel came no more to see Saul until the day of his death : nevertheless Samuel mourned for Saul : and the LORD repented that he had made Saul king over Israel .
" The lady then -- Miss Grey I think you called her -- is very rich ?"
48 : 7 And by the border of Reuben , from the east side unto the west side , a portion for Judah .
If I meet with no insuperable difficulties therefore , consider that point as settled ."
2 : 3 The sons of Judah ; Er , and Onan , and Shelah : which three were born unto him of the daughter of Shua the Canaanitess .
My regard for Hartfield is most warm "--
35 : 21 And they came , every one whose heart stirred him up , and every one whom his spirit made willing , and they brought the LORD ' s offering to the work of the tabernacle of the congregation , and for all his service , and for the holy garments .
3 : 17 Ye therefore , beloved , seeing ye know these things before , beware lest ye also , being led away with the error of the wicked , fall from your own stedfastness .
51 : 12 I , even I , am he that comforteth you : who art thou , that thou shouldest be afraid of a man that shall die , and of the son of man which shall be made as grass ; 51 : 13 And forgettest the LORD thy maker , that hath stretched forth the heavens , and laid the foundations of the earth ; and hast feared continually every day because of the fury of the oppressor , as if he were ready to destroy ?
24 : 18 And Gad came that day to David , and said unto him , Go up , rear an altar unto the LORD in the threshingfloor of Araunah the Jebusite .
" The evil of the distance from Enscombe ," said Mr . Weston , " is , that Mrs . Churchill , _as_ _we_ _understand_ , has not been able to leave the sofa for a week together .
11 : 26 Then goeth he , and taketh to him seven other spirits more wicked than himself ; and they enter in , and dwell there : and the last state of that man is worse than the first .
" Three o ' clock yesterday !
Serious she was , very serious in her thankfulness , and in her resolutions ; and yet there was no preventing a laugh , sometimes in the very midst of them .
15 : 8 For the cry is gone round about the borders of Moab ; the howling thereof unto Eglaim , and the howling thereof unto Beerelim .
22 : 11 But if the priest buy any soul with his money , he shall eat of it , and he that is born in his house : they shall eat of his meat .
The toils of the business were over , the sweets began .
24 : 13 But he that shall endure unto the end , the same shall be saved .
8 : 7 For if that first covenant had been faultless , then should no place have been sought for the second .
27 : 19 Dan also and Javan going to and fro occupied in thy fairs : bright iron , cassia , and calamus , were in thy market .
2 : 26 As the thief is ashamed when he is found , so is the house of Israel ashamed ; they , their kings , their princes , and their priests , and their prophets .
12 : 33 Of Zebulun , such as went forth to battle , expert in war , with all instruments of war , fifty thousand , which could keep rank : they were not of double heart .
They lived beyond their income , but still it was nothing in comparison of Enscombe : she did not cease to love her husband , but she wanted at once to be the wife of Captain Weston , and Miss Churchill of Enscombe .
And the people bowed the head and worshipped .
5 : 23 And Naaman said , Be content , take two talents .
And he said unto him , Take thy bill , and sit down quickly , and write fifty .
50 : 44 Behold , he shall come up like a lion from the swelling of Jordan unto the habitation of the strong : but I will make them suddenly run away from her : and who is a chosen man , that I may appoint over her ?
Mrs . John Knightley was a pretty , elegant little woman , of gentle , quiet manners , and a disposition remarkably amiable and affectionate ; wrapt up in her family ; a devoted wife , a doating mother , and so tenderly attached to her father and sister that , but for these higher ties , a warmer love might have seemed impossible .
4 : 8 For this gird you with sackcloth , lament and howl : for the fierce anger of the LORD is not turned back from us .
And Jesus said unto her , Neither do I condemn thee : go , and sin no more .
Poor little dears , how glad they will be to come .
30 : 23 And I will scatter the Egyptians among the nations , and will disperse them through the countries .
8 : 33 And all Israel , and their elders , and officers , and their judges , stood on this side the ark and on that side before the priests the Levites , which bare the ark of the covenant of the LORD , as well the stranger , as he that was born among them ; half of them over against mount Gerizim , and half of them over against mount Ebal ; as Moses the servant of the LORD had commanded before , that they should bless the people of Israel .
20 : 25 And if thou wilt make me an altar of stone , thou shalt not build it of hewn stone : for if thou lift up thy tool upon it , thou hast polluted it .
34 : 32 And afterward all the children of Israel came nigh : and he gave them in commandment all that the LORD had spoken with him in mount Sinai .
It would amuse away the difficulties of her part , and lessen the irksomeness of Miss Smith ' s ."
I always thought it such a sweet place , ma ' am !
8 : 3 But if any man love God , the same is known of him .
5 : 22 But thou hast utterly rejected us ; thou art very wroth against us .
31 : 30 Favour is deceitful , and beauty is vain : but a woman that feareth the LORD , she shall be praised .
20 : 6 Most men will proclaim every one his own goodness : but a faithful man who can find ?
What formidable obstacle is she now to bring forward ?
" I think , Harriet , since your acquaintance with us , you have been repeatedly in the company of some such very real gentlemen , that you must yourself be struck with the difference in Mr . Martin .
4 : 9 And she said unto her husband , Behold now , I perceive that this is an holy man of God , which passeth by us continually .
18 : 16 Thou shalt not uncover the nakedness of thy brother ' s wife : it is thy brother ' s nakedness .
30 : 7 And David said to Abiathar the priest , Ahimelech ' s son , I pray thee , bring me hither the ephod .
She had frequently thought -- especially since his father ' s marriage with Miss Taylor -- that if she _were_ to marry , he was the very person to suit her in age , character and condition .
You see how delightfully she writes .
18 : 11 And this is thine ; the heave offering of their gift , with all the wave offerings of the children of Israel : I have given them unto thee , and to thy sons and to thy daughters with thee , by a statute for ever : every one that is clean in thy house shall eat of it .
31 : 18 But all the women children , that have not known a man by lying with him , keep alive for yourselves .
2 : 3 Let us break their bands asunder , and cast away their cords from us .
no , not gold , nor all the forces of strength .
" Indeed , Mrs Smith , we must not expect to get real information in such a line .
13 : 16 Their children also shall be dashed to pieces before their eyes ; their houses shall be spoiled , and their wives ravished .
Has he a house at Allenham ?"
" Where could you possibly hear it , Mr . Knightley ?
17 : 22 And the glory which thou gavest me I have given them ; that they may be one , even as we are one : 17 : 23 I in them , and thou in me , that they may be made perfect in one ; and that the world may know that thou hast sent me , and hast loved them , as thou hast loved me .
10 : 9 O Israel , thou hast sinned from the days of Gibeah : there they stood : the battle in Gibeah against the children of iniquity did not overtake them .
1 : 6 Wherein ye greatly rejoice , though now for a season , if need be , ye are in heaviness through manifold temptations : 1 : 7 That the trial of your faith , being much more precious than of gold that perisheth , though it be tried with fire , might be found unto praise and honour and glory at the appearing of Jesus Christ : 1 : 8 Whom having not seen , ye love ; in whom , though now ye see him not , yet believing , ye rejoice with joy unspeakable and full of glory : 1 : 9 Receiving the end of your faith , even the salvation of your souls .
115 : 6 They have ears , but they hear not : noses have they , but they smell not :
When she reached the White Hart , and made her way to the proper apartment , she found herself neither arriving quite in time , nor the first to arrive .
" It was not in her nature .
19 : 21 There are many devices in a man ' s heart ; nevertheless the counsel of the LORD , that shall stand .
Ferrars ."
7 : 7 And when the Philistines heard that the children of Israel were gathered together to Mizpeh , the lords of the Philistines went up against Israel .
4 : 10 And Barak called Zebulun and Naphtali to Kedesh ; and he went up with ten thousand men at his feet : and Deborah went up with him .
12 : 28 And the sons of the singers gathered themselves together , both out of the plain country round about Jerusalem , and from the villages of Netophathi ; 12 : 29 Also from the house of Gilgal , and out of the fields of Geba and Azmaveth : for the singers had builded them villages round about Jerusalem .
Fourteen minutes to be given to those with whom she had thankfully passed six weeks not six months ago !-- Emma could not but picture it all , and feel how justly they might resent , how naturally Harriet must suffer .
1 : 11 And God said to Solomon , Because this was in thine heart , and thou hast not asked riches , wealth , or honour , nor the life of thine enemies , neither yet hast asked long life ; but hast asked wisdom and knowledge for thyself , that thou mayest judge my people , over whom I have made thee king : 1 : 12 Wisdom and knowledge is granted unto thee ; and I will give thee riches , and wealth , and honour , such as none of the kings have had that have been before thee , neither shall there any after thee have the like .
9 : 7 And the men which journeyed with him stood speechless , hearing a voice , but seeing no man .
" Very likely .-- I think they are , without exception , the most vulgar girls in Highbury ."
7 : 7 What shall we say then ?
2 : 9 For ye remember , brethren , our labour and travail : for labouring night and day , because we would not be chargeable unto any of you , we preached unto you the gospel of God .
For a few moments every one was silent .
98 : 4 Make a joyful noise unto the LORD , all the earth : make a loud noise , and rejoice , and sing praise .
69 : 8 I am become a stranger unto my brethren , and an alien unto my mother ' s children .
38 : 17 Thus saith the Lord GOD ; Art thou he of whom I have spoken in old time by my servants the prophets of Israel , which prophesied in those days many years that I would bring thee against them ?
" And then , he saved her life .
What queer fellows your fine painters must be , to think that anybody would venture their lives in such a shapeless old cockleshell as that ?
But Marianne for some time would give credit to neither .
15 : 16 Fear and dread shall fall upon them ; by the greatness of thine arm they shall be as still as a stone ; till thy people pass over , O LORD , till the people pass over , which thou hast purchased .
Resist the devil , and he will flee from you .
7 : 35 And in the top of the base was there a round compass of half a cubit high : and on the top of the base the ledges thereof and the borders thereof were of the same .
9 : 5 Which removeth the mountains , and they know not : which overturneth them in his anger .
It had not been forgotten before , but it had been soon acknowledged vain to attempt to fix a day .
1 : 10 Give me now wisdom and knowledge , that I may go out and come in before this people : for who can judge this thy people , that is so great ?
16 : 27 So they gat up from the tabernacle of Korah , Dathan , and Abiram , on every side : and Dathan and Abiram came out , and stood in the door of their tents , and their wives , and their sons , and their little children .
50 : 8 I will not reprove thee for thy sacrifices or thy burnt offerings , to have been continually before me .
3 : 10 But thou hast fully known my doctrine , manner of life , purpose , faith , longsuffering , charity , patience , 3 : 11 Persecutions , afflictions , which came unto me at Antioch , at Iconium , at Lystra ; what persecutions I endured : but out of them all the Lord delivered me .
and how is the praise of the whole earth surprised !
10 : 11 And the LORD said unto me , Arise , take thy journey before the people , that they may go in and possess the land , which I sware unto their fathers to give unto them .
29 : 6 Then Achish called David , and said unto him , Surely , as the LORD liveth , thou hast been upright , and thy going out and thy coming in with me in the host is good in my sight : for I have not found evil in thee since the day of thy coming unto me unto this day : nevertheless the lords favour thee not .
4 : 8 And Cain talked with Abel his brother : and it came to pass , when they were in the field , that Cain rose up against Abel his brother , and slew him .
23 : 5 Thou preparest a table before me in the presence of mine enemies : thou anointest my head with oil ; my cup runneth over .
6 : 17 And Elisha prayed , and said , LORD , I pray thee , open his eyes , that he may see .
And Samuel sent all the people away , every man to his house .
" Mr . Palmer is so droll !"
saith the LORD .
17 : 18 Then certain philosophers of the Epicureans , and of the Stoicks , encountered him .
14 : 11 And it came to pass , when they saw him , that they brought thirty companions to be with him .
6 : 77 Unto the rest of the children of Merari were given out of the tribe of Zebulun , Rimmon with her suburbs , Tabor with her suburbs : 6 : 78 And on the other side Jordan by Jericho , on the east side of Jordan , were given them out of the tribe of Reuben , Bezer in the wilderness with her suburbs , and Jahzah with her suburbs , 6 : 79 Kedemoth also with her suburbs , and Mephaath with her suburbs : 6 : 80 And out of the tribe of Gad ; Ramoth in Gilead with her suburbs , and Mahanaim with her suburbs , 6 : 81 And Heshbon with her suburbs , and Jazer with her suburbs .
24 : 19 And if a man cause a blemish in his neighbour ; as he hath done , so shall it be done to him ; 24 : 20 Breach for breach , eye for eye , tooth for tooth : as he hath caused a blemish in a man , so shall it be done to him again .
And her breast did lick And upon her neck , From his eyes of flame , Ruby tears there came ;
26 : 26 Of the sons of Zebulun after their families : of Sered , the family of the Sardites : of Elon , the family of the Elonites : of Jahleel , the family of the Jahleelites .
19 : 26 Ye shall not eat any thing with the blood : neither shall ye use enchantment , nor observe times .
Seven years would be insufficient to make some people acquainted with each other , and seven days are more than enough for others .
being all that she had time for , as she passed away .
and why are ye come unto me now when ye are in distress ?
2 : 21 Was not Abraham our father justified by works , when he had offered Isaac his son upon the altar ?
2 : 2 For the LORD hath turned away the excellency of Jacob , as the excellency of Israel : for the emptiers have emptied them out , and marred their vine branches .
And Jonah was in the belly of the fish three days and three nights .
" To be sure it would ."
21 : 14 A widow , or a divorced woman , or profane , or an harlot , these shall he not take : but he shall take a virgin of his own people to wife .
5 : 1 And the Philistines took the ark of God , and brought it from Ebenezer unto Ashdod .
15 : 3 Now ye are clean through the word which I have spoken unto you .
28 : 25 When he hath made plain the face thereof , doth he not cast abroad the fitches , and scatter the cummin , and cast in the principal wheat and the appointed barley and the rie in their place ?
1 : 5 I will break also the bar of Damascus , and cut off the inhabitant from the plain of Aven , and him that holdeth the sceptre from the house of Eden : and the people of Syria shall go into captivity unto Kir , saith the LORD .
But what was that , when such friends were to be met ?"
18 : 44 And it came to pass at the seventh time , that he said , Behold , there ariseth a little cloud out of the sea , like a man ' s hand .
" To think of your sending us all your store apples .
138 : 2 I will worship toward thy holy temple , and praise thy name for thy lovingkindness and for thy truth : for thou hast magnified thy word above all thy name .
47 : 14 And ye shall inherit it , one as well as another : concerning the which I lifted up mine hand to give it unto your fathers : and this land shall fall unto you for inheritance .
27 : 8 The inhabitants of Zidon and Arvad were thy mariners : thy wise men , O Tyrus , that were in thee , were thy pilots .
5 : 5 In the same hour came forth fingers of a man ' s hand , and wrote over against the candlestick upon the plaister of the wall of the king ' s palace : and the king saw the part of the hand that wrote .
22 : 13 I am Alpha and Omega , the beginning and the end , the first and the last .
14 : 12 And the men of the garrison answered Jonathan and his armourbearer , and said , Come up to us , and we will shew you a thing .
" I am sure you were of use to me ," cried Emma .
46 : 23 They shall cut down her forest , saith the LORD , though it cannot be searched ; because they are more than the grasshoppers , and are innumerable .
At this moment Mr . Weston appeared at a little distance from the window , evidently on the watch .
27 : 6 This is that Benaiah , who was mighty among the thirty , and above the thirty : and in his course was Ammizabad his son .
8 : 13 And it came to pass in the six hundredth and first year , in the first month , the first day of the month , the waters were dried up from off the earth : and Noah removed the covering of the ark , and looked , and , behold , the face of the ground was dry .
18 : 19 Also thou shalt not approach unto a woman to uncover her nakedness , as long as she is put apart for her uncleanness .
Margaret related something to her the next day , which placed this matter in a still clearer light .
My line of conduct will be more direct .
10 : 15 And over the host of the tribe of the children of Issachar was Nethaneel the son of Zuar .
Edward , having carried his thanks to Colonel Brandon , proceeded with his happiness to Lucy ; and such was the excess of it by the time he reached Bartlett ' s Buildings , that she was able to assure Mrs . Jennings , who called on her again the next day with her congratulations , that she had never seen him in such spirits before in her life .
69 : 35 For God will save Zion , and will build the cities of Judah : that they may dwell there , and have it in possession .
After a short silence on both sides , Mrs . Jennings , with all her natural hilarity , burst forth again .
And he took unto him bow and arrows .
And so , just as he was going away again , it came into my head , I am sure I do not know how I happened to think of it , but it came into my head to ask him if there was any news .
9 : 17 Thus saith the LORD of hosts , Consider ye , and call for the mourning women , that they may come ; and send for cunning women , that they may come : 9 : 18 And let them make haste , and take up a wailing for us , that our eyes may run down with tears , and our eyelids gush out with waters .
7 : 11 In the six hundredth year of Noah ' s life , in the second month , the seventeenth day of the month , the same day were all the fountains of the great deep broken up , and the windows of heaven were opened .
103 : 12 As far as the east is from the west , so far hath he removed our transgressions from us .
9 : 19 For I was afraid of the anger and hot displeasure , wherewith the LORD was wroth against you to destroy you .
10 : 16 And the children of the captivity did so .
We have neither of us any thing to tell ; you , because you do not communicate , and I , because I conceal nothing ."
21 : 29 And Abimelech said unto Abraham , What mean these seven ewe lambs which thou hast set by themselves ?
5 : 2 For wrath killeth the foolish man , and envy slayeth the silly one .
31 : 5 And as soon as the commandment came abroad , the children of Israel brought in abundance the firstfruits of corn , wine , and oil , and honey , and of all the increase of the field ; and the tithe of all things brought they in abundantly .
9 : 3 Jesus answered , Neither hath this man sinned , nor his parents : but that the works of God should be made manifest in him .
13 : 34 All these things spake Jesus unto the multitude in parables ; and without a parable spake he not unto them : 13 : 35 That it might be fulfilled which was spoken by the prophet , saying , I will open my mouth in parables ; I will utter things which have been kept secret from the foundation of the world .
34 : 28 And the prince of the tribe of the children of Naphtali , Pedahel the son of Ammihud .
42 : 4 Then Jeremiah the prophet said unto them , I have heard you ; behold , I will pray unto the LORD your God according to your words ; and it shall come to pass , that whatsoever thing the LORD shall answer you , I will declare it unto you ; I will keep nothing back from you .
A beloved home made over to others ; all the precious rooms and furniture , groves , and prospects , beginning to own other eyes and other limbs !
my father ' s next heir ?
Elton ?"
-- thought Emma .--" You have not deserved this .
But now , another occupation and solicitude of mind was beginning to be added to these .
1 : 2 Abraham begat Isaac ; and Isaac begat Jacob ; and Jacob begat Judas and his brethren ; 1 : 3 And Judas begat Phares and Zara of Thamar ; and Phares begat Esrom ; and Esrom begat Aram ; 1 : 4 And Aram begat Aminadab ; and Aminadab begat Naasson ; and Naasson begat Salmon ; 1 : 5 And Salmon begat Booz of Rachab ; and Booz begat Obed of Ruth ; and Obed begat Jesse ; 1 : 6 And Jesse begat David the king ; and David the king begat Solomon of her that had been the wife of Urias ; 1 : 7 And Solomon begat Roboam ; and Roboam begat Abia ; and Abia begat Asa ; 1 : 8 And Asa begat Josaphat ; and Josaphat begat Joram ; and Joram begat Ozias ; 1 : 9 And Ozias begat Joatham ; and Joatham begat Achaz ; and Achaz begat Ezekias ; 1 : 10 And Ezekias begat Manasses ; and Manasses begat Amon ; and Amon begat Josias ; 1 : 11 And Josias begat Jechonias and his brethren , about the time they were carried away to Babylon : 1 : 12 And after they were brought to Babylon , Jechonias begat Salathiel ; and Salathiel begat Zorobabel ; 1 : 13 And Zorobabel begat Abiud ; and Abiud begat Eliakim ; and Eliakim begat Azor ; 1 : 14 And Azor begat Sadoc ; and Sadoc begat Achim ; and Achim begat Eliud ; 1 : 15 And Eliud begat Eleazar ; and Eleazar begat Matthan ; and Matthan begat Jacob ; 1 : 16 And Jacob begat Joseph the husband of Mary , of whom was born Jesus , who is called Christ .
5 : 1 But a certain man named Ananias , with Sapphira his wife , sold a possession , 5 : 2 And kept back part of the price , his wife also being privy to it , and brought a certain part , and laid it at the apostles ' feet .
2 : 23 Howbeit he refused to turn aside : wherefore Abner with the hinder end of the spear smote him under the fifth rib , that the spear came out behind him ; and he fell down there , and died in the same place : and it came to pass , that as many as came to the place where Asahel fell down and died stood still .
He would not speak another word to him , meet him where he might , for all the world !
10 : 10 If the iron be blunt , and he do not whet the edge , then must he put to more strength : but wisdom is profitable to direct .
To Miss --
" My dear Mrs Smith , Mr Elliot ' s wife has not been dead much above half a year .
20 : 32 And the children of Benjamin said , They are smitten down before us , as at the first .
She opened the parlour door , and saw two gentlemen sitting with her father -- Mr . Weston and his son .
Your mother will secure to you , in time , that independence you are so anxious for ; it is her duty , and it will , it must ere long become her happiness to prevent your whole youth from being wasted in discontent .
6 : 12 And the fire upon the altar shall be burning in it ; it shall not be put out : and the priest shall burn wood on it every morning , and lay the burnt offering in order upon it ; and he shall burn thereon the fat of the peace offerings .
6 : 20 Of Gershom ; Libni his son , Jahath his son , Zimmah his son , 6 : 21 Joah his son , Iddo his son , Zerah his son , Jeaterai his son .
Let the potsherd strive with the potsherds of the earth .
and it will be , seeing ye rebel to day against the LORD , that to morrow he will be wroth with the whole congregation of Israel .
8 : 24 And Joram slept with his fathers , and was buried with his fathers in the city of David : and Ahaziah his son reigned in his stead .
51 : 18 There is none to guide her among all the sons whom she hath brought forth ; neither is there any that taketh her by the hand of all the sons that she hath brought up .
1 : 15 So , as much as in me is , I am ready to preach the gospel to you that are at Rome also .
They had an early account from Lyme the next morning .
But this is no excuse for their concealing it from us ."
16 : 8 I have set the LORD always before me : because he is at my right hand , I shall not be moved .
8 : 14 Counsel is mine , and sound wisdom : I am understanding ; I have strength .
22 : 29 All they that be fat upon earth shall eat and worship : all they that go down to the dust shall bow before him : and none can keep alive his own soul .
And Benaiah brought the king word again , saying , Thus said Joab , and thus he answered me .
" You mean to go to Delaford after them I suppose ," said Elinor , with a faint smile .
" So many clever riddles as there used to be when he was young -- he wondered he could not remember them !
24 : 40 And he said unto me , The LORD , before whom I walk , will send his angel with thee , and prosper thy way ; and thou shalt take a wife for my son of my kindred , and of my father ' s house : 24 : 41 Then shalt thou be clear from this my oath , when thou comest to my kindred ; and if they give not thee one , thou shalt be clear from my oath .
Anne is too delicate for them ."
Selina says it is quite horror to her -- and I believe I have caught a little of her nicety .
7 : 14 And he came and touched the bier : and they that bare him stood still .
5 : 8 And he shall bring them unto the priest , who shall offer that which is for the sin offering first , and wring off his head from his neck , but shall not divide it asunder : 5 : 9 And he shall sprinkle of the blood of the sin offering upon the side of the altar ; and the rest of the blood shall be wrung out at the bottom of the altar : it is a sin offering .
21 : 13 From thence they removed , and pitched on the other side of Arnon , which is in the wilderness that cometh out of the coasts of the Amorites : for Arnon is the border of Moab , between Moab and the Amorites .
12 : 4 And the LORD spake suddenly unto Moses , and unto Aaron , and unto Miriam , Come out ye three unto the tabernacle of the congregation .
He told Patty this , but bid her not mind it , and be sure not to say any thing to us about it , for Mrs . Hodges _would_ be cross sometimes , and as long as so many sacks were sold , it did not signify who ate the remainder .
11 : 17 And he taught , saying unto them , Is it not written , My house shall be called of all nations the house of prayer ?
13 : 36 Simon Peter said unto him , Lord , whither goest thou ?
6 : 11 Seeing there be many things that increase vanity , what is man the better ?
9 : 1 Oh that my head were waters , and mine eyes a fountain of tears , that I might weep day and night for the slain of the daughter of my people !
And he said , Go shew these things unto James , and to the brethren .
If any man trust to himself that he is Christ ' s , let him of himself think this again , that , as he is Christ ' s , even so are we Christ ' s .
16 : 43 And Moses and Aaron came before the tabernacle of the congregation .
7 : 3 And when all the children of Israel saw how the fire came down , and the glory of the LORD upon the house , they bowed themselves with their faces to the ground upon the pavement , and worshipped , and praised the LORD , saying , For he is good ; for his mercy endureth for ever .
17 : 15 And one of them , when he saw that he was healed , turned back , and with a loud voice glorified God , 17 : 16 And fell down on his face at his feet , giving him thanks : and he was a Samaritan .
14 : 25 ( Now the Amalekites and the Canaanites dwelt in the valley .)
It was weather which might fairly confine every body at home ; and though she hoped and believed him to be really taking comfort in some society or other , it was very pleasant to have her father so well satisfied with his being all alone in his own house , too wise to stir out ; and to hear him say to Mr . Knightley , whom no weather could keep entirely from them ,--
if the LORD be God , follow him : but if Baal , then follow him .
26 : 33 And I will scatter you among the heathen , and will draw out a sword after you : and your land shall be desolate , and your cities waste .
14 : 44 And he that betrayed him had given them a token , saying , Whomsoever I shall kiss , that same is he ; take him , and lead him away safely .
1 : 21 Ye mountains of Gilboa , let there be no dew , neither let there be rain , upon you , nor fields of offerings : for there the shield of the mighty is vilely cast away , the shield of Saul , as though he had not been anointed with oil .
Part of every winter she had been used to spend in Bath ; but Bristol was her home , the very heart of Bristol ; for though the father and mother had died some years ago , an uncle remained -- in the law line -- nothing more distinctly honourable was hazarded of him , than that he was in the law line ; and with him the daughter had lived .
" Margaret ," said Marianne with great warmth , " you know that all this is an invention of your own , and that there is no such person in existence ."
Man ' s boasted power and freedom , all are flown .
or who maketh the dumb , or deaf , or the seeing , or the blind ?
21 : 35 So they smote him , and his sons , and all his people , until there was none left him alive : and they possessed his land .
8 : 6 And he commanded the people to sit down on the ground : and he took the seven loaves , and gave thanks , and brake , and gave to his disciples to set before them ; and they did set them before the people .
34 : 7 Therefore , ye shepherds , hear the word of the LORD ; 34 : 8 As I live , saith the Lord GOD , surely because my flock became a prey , and my flock became meat to every beast of the field , because there was no shepherd , neither did my shepherds search for my flock , but the shepherds fed themselves , and fed not my flock ; 34 : 9 Therefore , O ye shepherds , hear the word of the LORD ; 34 : 10 Thus saith the Lord GOD ; Behold , I am against the shepherds ; and I will require my flock at their hand , and cause them to cease from feeding the flock ; neither shall the shepherds feed themselves any more ; for I will deliver my flock from their mouth , that they may not be meat for them .
Ferrars !"
White as an angel is the English child , But I am black , as if bereaved of light .
11 : 6 For if the woman be not covered , let her also be shorn : but if it be a shame for a woman to be shorn or shaven , let her be covered .
I am delighted to find that you can vouchsafe to let your imagination wander -- but it will not do -- very sorry to check you in your first essay -- but indeed it will not do .
" Oh God !
4 : 8 Finally , brethren , whatsoever things are true , whatsoever things are honest , whatsoever things are just , whatsoever things are pure , whatsoever things are lovely , whatsoever things are of good report ; if there be any virtue , and if there be any praise , think on these things .
29 : 14 But the flesh of the bullock , and his skin , and his dung , shalt thou burn with fire without the camp : it is a sin offering .
Then she is no rule for Mrs . Churchill , who is as thorough a fine lady as any body ever beheld ."
24 : 4 And Moses wrote all the words of the LORD , and rose up early in the morning , and builded an altar under the hill , and twelve pillars , according to the twelve tribes of Israel .
22 : 14 The LORD thundered from heaven , and the most High uttered his voice .
26 : 43 The land also shall be left of them , and shall enjoy her sabbaths , while she lieth desolate without them : and they shall accept of the punishment of their iniquity : because , even because they despised my judgments , and because their soul abhorred my statutes .
17 : 5 He took also of the seed of the land , and planted it in a fruitful field ; he placed it by great waters , and set it as a willow tree .
The deception could not continue after this ; and an explanation immediately took place , by which both gained considerable amusement for the moment , without any material loss of happiness to either , for Mrs . Jennings only exchanged one form of delight for another , and still without forfeiting her expectation of the first .
" Do come with me ," said Mrs . Weston , " if it be not very disagreeable to you .
THE LITTLE GIRL LOST
2 : 24 And God heard their groaning , and God remembered his covenant with Abraham , with Isaac , and with Jacob .
20 : 9 But now this shall be the thing which we will do to Gibeah ; we will go up by lot against it ; 20 : 10 And we will take ten men of an hundred throughout all the tribes of Israel , and an hundred of a thousand , and a thousand out of ten thousand , to fetch victual for the people , that they may do , when they come to Gibeah of Benjamin , according to all the folly that they have wrought in Israel .
32 : 35 And the LORD plagued the people , because they made the calf , which Aaron made .
Marianne was quite angry with her for doubting it .
So much did the children of Ammon pay unto him , both the second year , and the third .
for sinners also lend to sinners , to receive as much again .
12 : 3 And when I saw that ye delivered me not , I put my life in my hands , and passed over against the children of Ammon , and the LORD delivered them into my hand : wherefore then are ye come up unto me this day , to fight against me ?
3 : 28 From above the horse gate repaired the priests , every one over against his house .
1 : 2 In the fifth day of the month , which was the fifth year of king Jehoiachin ' s captivity , 1 : 3 The word of the LORD came expressly unto Ezekiel the priest , the son of Buzi , in the land of the Chaldeans by the river Chebar ; and the hand of the LORD was there upon him .
89 : 9 Thou rulest the raging of the sea : when the waves thereof arise , thou stillest them .
5 : 4 And this is the cause why Joshua did circumcise : All the people that came out of Egypt , that were males , even all the men of war , died in the wilderness by the way , after they came out of Egypt .
17 : 57 And as David returned from the slaughter of the Philistine , Abner took him , and brought him before Saul with the head of the Philistine in his hand .
The following morning Anne was out with her friend , and for the first hour , in an incessant and fearful sort of watch for him in vain ; but at last , in returning down Pulteney Street , she distinguished him on the right hand pavement at such a distance as to have him in view the greater part of the street .
51 : 11 Make bright the arrows ; gather the shields : the LORD hath raised up the spirit of the kings of the Medes : for his device is against Babylon , to destroy it ; because it is the vengeance of the LORD , the vengeance of his temple .
The stream is as good as at first ; the little rubbish it collects in the turnings is easily moved away .
Oh !
30 : 13 This they shall give , every one that passeth among them that are numbered , half a shekel after the shekel of the sanctuary : ( a shekel is twenty gerahs :) an half shekel shall be the offering of the LORD .
23 : 30 And whatsoever soul it be that doeth any work in that same day , the same soul will I destroy from among his people .
4 : 3 For this is the will of God , even your sanctification , that ye should abstain from fornication : 4 : 4 That every one of you should know how to possess his vessel in sanctification and honour ; 4 : 5 Not in the lust of concupiscence , even as the Gentiles which know not God : 4 : 6 That no man go beyond and defraud his brother in any matter : because that the Lord is the avenger of all such , as we also have forewarned you and testified .
Soup too !
" Elegant , agreeable manners , I was prepared for ," said he ; " but I confess that , considering every thing , I had not expected more than a very tolerably well - looking woman of a certain age ; I did not know that I was to find a pretty young woman in Mrs .
6 : 5 And against the wall of the house he built chambers round about , against the walls of the house round about , both of the temple and of the oracle : and he made chambers round about : 6 : 6 The nethermost chamber was five cubits broad , and the middle was six cubits broad , and the third was seven cubits broad : for without in the wall of the house he made narrowed rests round about , that the beams should not be fastened in the walls of the house .
" Elinor , I have been cruelly used ; but not by Willoughby ."
24 : 17 For the morning is to them even as the shadow of death : if one know them , they are in the terrors of the shadow of death .
24 : 13 When thus it shall be in the midst of the land among the people , there shall be as the shaking of an olive tree , and as the gleaning grapes when the vintage is done .
2 : 61 And of the children of the priests : the children of Habaiah , the children of Koz , the children of Barzillai ; which took a wife of the daughters of Barzillai the Gileadite , and was called after their name : 2 : 62 These sought their register among those that were reckoned by genealogy , but they were not found : therefore were they , as polluted , put from the priesthood .
I beg your pardon .
25 : 6 And when he had tarried among them more than ten days , he went down unto Caesarea ; and the next day sitting on the judgment seat commanded Paul to be brought .
1 : 22 Thy silver is become dross , thy wine mixed with water : 1 : 23 Thy princes are rebellious , and companions of thieves : every one loveth gifts , and followeth after rewards : they judge not the fatherless , neither doth the cause of the widow come unto them .
3 : 14 For this cause I bow my knees unto the Father of our Lord Jesus Christ , 3 : 15 Of whom the whole family in heaven and earth is named , 3 : 16 That he would grant you , according to the riches of his glory , to be strengthened with might by his Spirit in the inner man ; 3 : 17 That Christ may dwell in your hearts by faith ; that ye , being rooted and grounded in love , 3 : 18 May be able to comprehend with all saints what is the breadth , and length , and depth , and height ; 3 : 19 And to know the love of Christ , which passeth knowledge , that ye might be filled with all the fulness of God .
Blessed be God .
Selah .
8 : 3 Thus saith the LORD ; I am returned unto Zion , and will dwell in the midst of Jerusalem : and Jerusalem shall be called a city of truth ; and the mountain of the LORD of hosts the holy mountain .
16 : 18 And there were voices , and thunders , and lightnings ; and there was a great earthquake , such as was not since men were upon the earth , so mighty an earthquake , and so great .
11 : 15 But some of them said , He casteth out devils through Beelzebub the chief of the devils .
8 : 30 Then Joshua built an altar unto the LORD God of Israel in mount Ebal , 8 : 31 As Moses the servant of the LORD commanded the children of Israel , as it is written in the book of the law of Moses , an altar of whole stones , over which no man hath lift up any iron : and they offered thereon burnt offerings unto the LORD , and sacrificed peace offerings .
CHAPTER IV
And the LORD said , They will deliver thee up .
The baronet , nevertheless , is not unlikely to marry again ; he is quite fool enough .
However , I will not disturb you ( seeing her preparing to write .)
Sir Walter would quit Kellynch Hall ; and after a very few days more of doubt and indecision , the great question of whither he should go was settled , and the first outline of this important change made out .
47 : 2 For the LORD most high is terrible ; he is a great King over all the earth .
88 : 3 For my soul is full of troubles : and my life draweth nigh unto the grave .
Or wilt thou go ask the Mole : Can Wisdom be put in a silver rod ?
" But you would still be reserved ," said Marianne , " and that is worse ."
7 : 1 Now it came to pass , when the wall was built , and I had set up the doors , and the porters and the singers and the Levites were appointed , 7 : 2 That I gave my brother Hanani , and Hananiah the ruler of the palace , charge over Jerusalem : for he was a faithful man , and feared God above many .
13 : 15 For I have given you an example , that ye should do as I have done to you .
That some kind of engagement had subsisted between Willoughby and Marianne she could not doubt , and that Willoughby was weary of it , seemed equally clear ; for however Marianne might still feed her own wishes , SHE could not attribute such behaviour to mistake or misapprehension of any kind .
12 : 4 Then saith one of his disciples , Judas Iscariot , Simon ' s son , which should betray him , 12 : 5 Why was not this ointment sold for three hundred pence , and given to the poor ?
22 : 17 David also commanded all the princes of Israel to help Solomon his son , saying , 22 : 18 Is not the LORD your God with you ?
--
8 : 13 And on the second day were gathered together the chief of the fathers of all the people , the priests , and the Levites , unto Ezra the scribe , even to understand the words of the law .
And Ittai the Gittite passed over , and all his men , and all the little ones that were with him .
32 : 4 So there was gathered much people together , who stopped all the fountains , and the brook that ran through the midst of the land , saying , Why should the kings of Assyria come , and find much water ?
here is Winthrop .
34 : 20 And the king commanded Hilkiah , and Ahikam the son of Shaphan , and Abdon the son of Micah , and Shaphan the scribe , and Asaiah a servant of the king ' s , saying , 34 : 21 Go , enquire of the LORD for me , and for them that are left in Israel and in Judah , concerning the words of the book that is found : for great is the wrath of the LORD that is poured out upon us , because our fathers have not kept the word of the LORD , to do after all that is written in this book .
" There is hardly any desiring to refresh such a memory as _that_ ,"-- said Mr . Knightley , feelingly ; and for a moment or two he had done .
Her manners were attaching , and soon banished his reserve .
Elton ?"
2 : 4 Then I said , I am cast out of thy sight ; yet I will look again toward thy holy temple .
9 : 27 And he shall confirm the covenant with many for one week : and in the midst of the week he shall cause the sacrifice and the oblation to cease , and for the overspreading of abominations he shall make it desolate , even until the consummation , and that determined shall be poured upon the desolate .
59 : 10 The God of my mercy shall prevent me : God shall let me see my desire upon mine enemies .
" But why should you be sorry , sir ?-- I assure you , it did the children a great deal of good ."
24 : 19 Who ought to have been here before thee , and object , if they had ought against me .
94 : 12 Blessed is the man whom thou chastenest , O LORD , and teachest him out of thy law ;
4 : 23 And Jesus went about all Galilee , teaching in their synagogues , and preaching the gospel of the kingdom , and healing all manner of sickness and all manner of disease among the people .
7 : 15 And Samuel judged Israel all the days of his life .
2 : 21 For even hereunto were ye called : because Christ also suffered for us , leaving us an example , that ye should follow his steps : 2 : 22 Who did no sin , neither was guile found in his mouth : 2 : 23 Who , when he was reviled , reviled not again ; when he suffered , he threatened not ; but committed himself to him that judgeth righteously : 2 : 24 Who his own self bare our sins in his own body on the tree , that we , being dead to sins , should live unto righteousness : by whose stripes ye were healed .
28 : 6 And he said unto me , Solomon thy son , he shall build my house and my courts : for I have chosen him to be my son , and I will be his father .
The daughter of beauty wip ' d her pitying tears with her white veil , And said , Alas !
8 : 14 And it came to pass , when the king of Ai saw it , that they hasted and rose up early , and the men of the city went out against Israel to battle , he and all his people , at a time appointed , before the plain ; but he wist not that there were liers in ambush against him behind the city .
5 : 2 Our inheritance is turned to strangers , our houses to aliens .
6 : 15 And he shall take of it his handful , of the flour of the meat offering , and of the oil thereof , and all the frankincense which is upon the meat offering , and shall burn it upon the altar for a sweet savour , even the memorial of it , unto the LORD .
26 : 28 And all that Samuel the seer , and Saul the son of Kish , and Abner the son of Ner , and Joab the son of Zeruiah , had dedicated ; and whosoever had dedicated any thing , it was under the hand of Shelomith , and of his brethren .
It was nothing more than that his pen had fallen down ; but Anne was startled at finding him nearer than she had supposed , and half inclined to suspect that the pen had only fallen because he had been occupied by them , striving to catch sounds , which yet she did not think he could have caught .
These things will I do unto them , and not forsake them .
surely thou hast greatly deceived this people and Jerusalem , saying , Ye shall have peace ; whereas the sword reacheth unto the soul .
You will have my sketches , some time or other , to look at -- or my tour to read -- or my poem .
3 : 1 My brethren , be not many masters , knowing that we shall receive the greater condemnation .
He saith , I am not .
Charles and Mary still talked on in the same style ; he , half serious and half jesting , maintaining the scheme for the play , and she , invariably serious , most warmly opposing it , and not omitting to make it known that , however determined to go to Camden Place herself , she should not think herself very well used , if they went to the play without her .
the people of Chemosh perisheth : for thy sons are taken captives , and thy daughters captives .
Elinor ' s curiosity to see Mrs . Ferrars was satisfied .-- She had found in her every thing that could tend to make a farther connection between the families undesirable .-- She had seen enough of her pride , her meanness , and her determined prejudice against herself , to comprehend all the difficulties that must have perplexed the engagement , and retarded the marriage , of Edward and herself , had he been otherwise free ;-- and she had seen almost enough to be thankful for her OWN sake , that one greater obstacle preserved her from suffering under any other of Mrs . Ferrars ' s creation , preserved her from all dependence upon her caprice , or any solicitude for her good opinion .
2 : 35 And the king put Benaiah the son of Jehoiada in his room over the host : and Zadok the priest did the king put in the room of Abiathar .
26 : 32 Then said Agrippa unto Festus , This man might have been set at liberty , if he had not appealed unto Caesar .
13 : 1 Now before the feast of the passover , when Jesus knew that his hour was come that he should depart out of this world unto the Father , having loved his own which were in the world , he loved them unto the end .
" I am sorry to say that I am very far from well ; and Jemima has just told me that the butcher says there is a bad sore - throat very much about .
7 : 16 And thine house and thy kingdom shall be established for ever before thee : thy throne shall be established for ever .
21 : 25 The desire of the slothful killeth him ; for his hands refuse to labour .
or whose ass have I taken ?
Praise ye the LORD .
11 : 5 And righteousness shall be the girdle of his loins , and faithfulness the girdle of his reins .
If he should ever be made a baronet !
He stopped in his earnestness to look the question , and the expression of his eyes overpowered her .
" I cannot bear to have you think me impertinently curious .
13 : 5 I tell you , Nay : but , except ye repent , ye shall all likewise perish .
1 : 15 And Hannah answered and said , No , my lord , I am a woman of a sorrowful spirit : I have drunk neither wine nor strong drink , but have poured out my soul before the LORD .
119 : 168 I have kept thy precepts and thy testimonies : for all my ways are before thee .
7 : 5 For when we were in the flesh , the motions of sins , which were by the law , did work in our members to bring forth fruit unto death .
84 : 5 Blessed is the man whose strength is in thee ; in whose heart are the ways of them .
15 : 14 The heart of him that hath understanding seeketh knowledge : but the mouth of fools feedeth on foolishness .
" Perhaps ," said Marianne , " I may consider it with some surprise .
Do not you pity me ?"
2 : 2 And they covet fields , and take them by violence ; and houses , and take them away : so they oppress a man and his house , even a man and his heritage .
12 : 12 On the next day much people that were come to the feast , when they heard that Jesus was coming to Jerusalem , 12 : 13 Took branches of palm trees , and went forth to meet him , and cried , Hosanna : Blessed is the King of Israel that cometh in the name of the Lord .
4 : 12 No man hath seen God at any time .
Marianne saw and listened with increasing surprise .
There was no injury but to the head .
2 : 28 And the sons of Onam were , Shammai , and Jada .
The former was for Sir John ' s gratification , the latter for that of his lady .
for who can tell a man what shall be after him under the sun ?
10 : 7 Howbeit I believed not the words , until I came , and mine eyes had seen it : and , behold , the half was not told me : thy wisdom and prosperity exceedeth the fame which I heard .
7 : 24 And Joshua , and all Israel with him , took Achan the son of Zerah , and the silver , and the garment , and the wedge of gold , and his sons , and his daughters , and his oxen , and his asses , and his sheep , and his tent , and all that he had : and they brought them unto the valley of Achor .
14 : 28 For which of you , intending to build a tower , sitteth not down first , and counteth the cost , whether he have sufficient to finish it ?
11 : 29 Take my yoke upon you , and learn of me ; for I am meek and lowly in heart : and ye shall find rest unto your souls .
for your goodness is as a morning cloud , and as the early dew it goeth away .
13 : 14 And it shall be as the chased roe , and as a sheep that no man taketh up : they shall every man turn to his own people , and flee every one into his own land .
78 : 63 The fire consumed their young men ; and their maidens were not given to marriage .
11 : 22 There was none of the Anakims left in the land of the children of Israel : only in Gaza , in Gath , and in Ashdod , there remained .
7 : 8 Also at the same time Solomon kept the feast seven days , and all Israel with him , a very great congregation , from the entering in of Hamath unto the river of Egypt .
It was rather too late in the day to set about being simple - minded and ignorant ; but she left her with every previous resolution confirmed of being humble and discreet , and repressing imagination all the rest of her life .
13 : 34 O Jerusalem , Jerusalem , which killest the prophets , and stonest them that are sent unto thee ; how often would I have gathered thy children together , as a hen doth gather her brood under her wings , and ye would not !
3 : 7 In the first month , that is , the month Nisan , in the twelfth year of king Ahasuerus , they cast Pur , that is , the lot , before Haman from day to day , and from month to month , to the twelfth month , that is , the month Adar .
3 : 22 And the other woman said , Nay ; but the living is my son , and the dead is thy son .
Anne could do no more ; but her heart prophesied some mischance to damp the perfection of her felicity .
I was young once , but I never was very handsome -- worse luck for me .
10 : 15 Only Jonathan the son of Asahel and Jahaziah the son of Tikvah were employed about this matter : and Meshullam and Shabbethai the Levite helped them .
24 : 13 So the workmen wrought , and the work was perfected by them , and they set the house of God in his state , and strengthened it .
17 : 10 And the Philistine said , I defy the armies of Israel this day ; give me a man , that we may fight together .
" Well ," said Mrs . Elton , laughing , " we shall see ."
8 : 18 But thou shalt remember the LORD thy God : for it is he that giveth thee power to get wealth , that he may establish his covenant which he sware unto thy fathers , as it is this day .
9 : 27 Remember thy servants , Abraham , Isaac , and Jacob ; look not unto the stubbornness of this people , nor to their wickedness , nor to their sin : 9 : 28 Lest the land whence thou broughtest us out say , Because the LORD was not able to bring them into the land which he promised them , and because he hated them , he hath brought them out to slay them in the wilderness .
11 : 10 Therefore remove sorrow from thy heart , and put away evil from thy flesh : for childhood and youth are vanity .
Remember ."
13 : 22 And they ascended by the south , and came unto Hebron ; where Ahiman , Sheshai , and Talmai , the children of Anak , were .
We shall not be many , you know ."
5 : 26 And they were all amazed , and they glorified God , and were filled with fear , saying , We have seen strange things to day .
27 : 15 Those that remain of him shall be buried in death : and his widows shall not weep .
48 : 12 And Joseph brought them out from between his knees , and he bowed himself with his face to the earth .
41 : 4 I said , LORD , be merciful unto me : heal my soul ; for I have sinned against thee .
25 : 16 And the LORD spake unto Moses , saying , 25 : 17 Vex the Midianites , and smite them : 25 : 18 For they vex you with their wiles , wherewith they have beguiled you in the matter of Peor , and in the matter of Cozbi , the daughter of a prince of Midian , their sister , which was slain in the day of the plague for Peor ' s sake .
4 : 24 Then ceased the work of the house of God which is at Jerusalem .
Edward made no answer ; but when she had turned away her head , gave her a look so serious , so earnest , so uncheerful , as seemed to say , that he might hereafter wish the distance between the parsonage and the mansion - house much greater .
24 : 7 Lift up your heads , O ye gates ; and be ye lift up , ye everlasting doors ; and the King of glory shall come in .
" I have not the least wish for it , I thank you ."
137 : 4 How shall we sing the LORD ' s song in a strange land ?
Instances have been known of young people passing many , many months successively , without being at any ball of any description , and no material injury accrue either to body or mind ;-- but when a beginning is made -- when the felicities of rapid motion have once been , though slightly , felt -- it must be a very heavy set that does not ask for more .
Very sincerely did Emma wish to do so ; but it was not immediately in her power .
On each side of the entrance was a sitting room , about sixteen feet square ; and beyond them were the offices and the stairs .
8 : 7 For unclean spirits , crying with loud voice , came out of many that were possessed with them : and many taken with palsies , and that were lame , were healed .
" I can explain this too ," cried Mrs Smith , smiling .
She was remarkably quick in the discovery of attachments , and had enjoyed the advantage of raising the blushes and the vanity of many a young lady by insinuations of her power over such a young man ; and this kind of discernment enabled her soon after her arrival at Barton decisively to pronounce that Colonel Brandon was very much in love with Marianne Dashwood .
24 : 4 He shall order the lamps upon the pure candlestick before the LORD continually .
23 : 42 And a voice of a multitude being at ease was with her : and with the men of the common sort were brought Sabeans from the wilderness , which put bracelets upon their hands , and beautiful crowns upon their heads .
And Moses prayed for the people .
18 : 7 And David took the shields of gold that were on the servants of Hadarezer , and brought them to Jerusalem .
The interest of two thousand pounds -- how can a man live on it ?-- and when to that is added the recollection , that he might , but for his own folly , within three months have been in the receipt of two thousand , five hundred a - year ( for Miss Morton has thirty thousand pounds ,) I cannot picture to myself a more wretched condition .
25 : 19 And the land shall yield her fruit , and ye shall eat your fill , and dwell therein in safety .
" I have no hesitation in saying ," replied Mr . Elton , though hesitating a good deal while he spoke ; " I have no hesitation in saying -- at least if my friend feels at all as _I_ do -- I have not the smallest doubt that , could he see his little effusion honoured as _I_ see it , ( looking at the book again , and replacing it on the table ), he would consider it as the proudest moment of his life ."
78 : 60 So that he forsook the tabernacle of Shiloh , the tent which he placed among men ;
Should not you , Marianne ?
11 : 13 And when David had called him , he did eat and drink before him ; and he made him drunk : and at even he went out to lie on his bed with the servants of his lord , but went not down to his house .
46 : 24 The daughter of Egypt shall be confounded ; she shall be delivered into the hand of the people of the north .
3 : 13 For they that have used the office of a deacon well purchase to themselves a good degree , and great boldness in the faith which is in Christ Jesus .
who hath seen such things ?
11 : 43 Woe unto you , Pharisees !
And Joab ' s garment that he had put on was girded unto him , and upon it a girdle with a sword fastened upon his loins in the sheath thereof ; and as he went forth it fell out .
tell me , I pray thee : is there room in thy father ' s house for us to lodge in ?
Praise ye the LORD .
36 : 27 And I will put my spirit within you , and cause you to walk in my statutes , and ye shall keep my judgments , and do them .
22 : 7 But when the king heard thereof , he was wroth : and he sent forth his armies , and destroyed those murderers , and burned up their city .
21 : 26 Then Paul took the men , and the next day purifying himself with them entered into the temple , to signify the accomplishment of the days of purification , until that an offering should be offered for every one of them .
3 : 22 For Moses truly said unto the fathers , A prophet shall the Lord your God raise up unto you of your brethren , like unto me ; him shall ye hear in all things whatsoever he shall say unto you .
9 : 10 And as for me also , mine eye shall not spare , neither will I have pity , but I will recompense their way upon their head .
9 : 11 And the magicians could not stand before Moses because of the boils ; for the boil was upon the magicians , and upon all the Egyptians .
14 : 30 Doubtless ye shall not come into the land , concerning which I sware to make you dwell therein , save Caleb the son of Jephunneh , and Joshua the son of Nun .
10 : 44 All these had taken strange wives : and some of them had wives by whom they had children .
" No , sir ," cried Emma , " it confesses no such thing .
41 : 23 Shew the things that are to come hereafter , that we may know that ye are gods : yea , do good , or do evil , that we may be dismayed , and behold it together .
We were only in anxiety and distress during the last two hours , and previously there had been a great deal of enjoyment .
" I do not find myself making any use of the word _sacrifice_ ," said she .-- " In not one of all my clever replies , my delicate negatives , is there any allusion to making a sacrifice .
10 : 8 And it came to pass on the morrow , when the Philistines came to strip the slain , that they found Saul and his sons fallen in mount Gilboa .
Mr . Knightley could not be there too often ; he should be glad to see him every day ;-- but they did see him every day as it was .-- Why could not they go on as they had done ?
" I should have been quite disappointed if I had not found you here STILL ," said she repeatedly , with a strong emphasis on the word .
16 : 19 And when her masters saw that the hope of their gains was gone , they caught Paul and Silas , and drew them into the marketplace unto the rulers , 16 : 20 And brought them to the magistrates , saying , These men , being Jews , do exceedingly trouble our city , 16 : 21 And teach customs , which are not lawful for us to receive , neither to observe , being Romans .
Poor Harville , sister !
son in law , and thy sons , and thy daughters , and whatsoever thou hast in the city , bring them out of this place : 19 : 13 For we will destroy this place , because the cry of them is waxen great before the face of the LORD ; and the LORD hath sent us to destroy it .
23 : 40 And ye shall take you on the first day the boughs of goodly trees , branches of palm trees , and the boughs of thick trees , and willows of the brook ; and ye shall rejoice before the LORD your God seven days .
23 : 20 Now therefore , O king , come down according to all the desire of thy soul to come down ; and our part shall be to deliver him into the king ' s hand .
45 : 5 Thine arrows are sharp in the heart of the king ' s enemies ; whereby the people fall under thee .
19 : 5 And a voice came out of the throne , saying , Praise our God , all ye his servants , and ye that fear him , both small and great .
7 : 2 Thou shalt speak all that I command thee : and Aaron thy brother shall speak unto Pharaoh , that he send the children of Israel out of his land .
22 : 30 And the ass said unto Balaam , Am not I thine ass , upon which thou hast ridden ever since I was thine unto this day ?
7 : 24 And all the Egyptians digged round about the river for water to drink ; for they could not drink of the water of the river .
So the men sat down , in number about five thousand .
20 : 18 Mary Magdalene came and told the disciples that she had seen the LORD , and that he had spoken these things unto her .
She was accordingly more guarded , and more cool , than she had been the night before .
29 : 26 And the Levites stood with the instruments of David , and the priests with the trumpets .
57 : 16 For I will not contend for ever , neither will I be always wroth : for the spirit should fail before me , and the souls which I have made .
26 : 9 Gather not my soul with sinners , nor my life with bloody men :
3 : 7 But all the cattle , and the spoil of the cities , we took for a prey to ourselves .
What the anvil ?
" Marianne ' s note , by assuring me that I was still as dear to her as in former days , that in spite of the many , many weeks we had been separated , she was as constant in her own feelings , and as full of faith in the constancy of mine as ever , awakened all my remorse .
It was lucky , however , for Mrs . Jennings ' s curiosity and Elinor ' s too , that she would tell any thing WITHOUT being asked ; for nothing would otherwise have been learnt .
9 : 35 And in Gibeon dwelt the father of Gibeon , Jehiel , whose wife ' s name was Maachah : 9 : 36 And his firstborn son Abdon , then Zur , and Kish , and Baal , and Ner , and Nadab .
10 : 11 And the navy also of Hiram , that brought gold from Ophir , brought in from Ophir great plenty of almug trees , and precious stones .
13 : 16 And the children of Israel fled before Judah : and God delivered them into their hand .
He knows it to be so , by his promises and messages ; but if he wished to do it , it might be done .
" But why should you think ," said Lucy , looking ashamed of her sister , " that there are not as many genteel young men in Devonshire as Sussex ?"
26 : 12 The sons of Simeon after their families : of Nemuel , the family of the Nemuelites : of Jamin , the family of the Jaminites : of Jachin , the family of the Jachinites : 26 : 13 Of Zerah , the family of the Zarhites : of Shaul , the family of the Shaulites .
Have not I brought up Israel out of the land of Egypt ?
When she could command Mary ' s attention , Anne quietly tried to convince her that their father and Mr Elliot had not , for many years , been on such terms as to make the power of attempting an introduction at all desirable .
I never saw any thing equal to the comfort and style -- Candles everywhere .-- I was telling you of your grandmama , Jane ,-- There was a little disappointment .-- The baked apples and biscuits , excellent in their way , you know ; but there was a delicate fricassee of sweetbread and some asparagus brought in at first , and good Mr . Woodhouse , not thinking the asparagus quite boiled enough , sent it all out again .
7 : 4 Then came the word of the LORD of hosts unto me , saying , 7 : 5 Speak unto all the people of the land , and to the priests , saying , When ye fasted and mourned in the fifth and seventh month , even those seventy years , did ye at all fast unto me , even to me ?
14 : 53 And they led Jesus away to the high priest : and with him were assembled all the chief priests and the elders and the scribes .
6 : 36 And Gideon said unto God , If thou wilt save Israel by mine hand , as thou hast said , 6 : 37 Behold , I will put a fleece of wool in the floor ; and if the dew be on the fleece only , and it be dry upon all the earth beside , then shall I know that thou wilt save Israel by mine hand , as thou hast said .
It could be protracted no longer .
The children are all fond of him ."
4 : 4 And Deborah , a prophetess , the wife of Lapidoth , she judged Israel at that time .
And he said to a lad , Carry him to his mother .
37 : 10 And he made the table of shittim wood : two cubits was the length thereof , and a cubit the breadth thereof , and a cubit and a half the height thereof : 37 : 11 And he overlaid it with pure gold , and made thereunto a crown of gold round about .
But I don ' t think mine would be , to make one son independent , because another had plagued me ."
2 : 6 And when Joshua had let the people go , the children of Israel went every man unto his inheritance to possess the land .
36 : 24 And these are the children of Zibeon ; both Ajah , and Anah : this was that Anah that found the mules in the wilderness , as he fed the asses of Zibeon his father .
Emma only nodded , and smiled .-- After a little thinking , and a very tender sigh , he added ,
He did not suppose they could be damp now , in the middle of the day .
24 : 35 Heaven and earth shall pass away , but my words shall not pass away .
Margaret returned , and the family were again all restored to each other , again quietly settled at the cottage ; and if not pursuing their usual studies with quite so much vigour as when they first came to Barton , at least planning a vigorous prosecution of them in future .
I wonder what I should do with it !"
Under that peculiar sort of dry , blunt manner , I know you have the warmest heart .
Her kind , compassionate visits to this old schoolfellow , sick and reduced , seemed to have quite delighted Mr Elliot .
8 : 8 And of the sons of Shephatiah ; Zebadiah the son of Michael , and with him fourscore males .
1 : 10 Is there any thing whereof it may be said , See , this is new ?
19 : 21 But Abishai the son of Zeruiah answered and said , Shall not Shimei be put to death for this , because he cursed the LORD ' s anointed ?
3 : 2 Many there be which say of my soul , There is no help for him in God .
This delay on the Colonel ' s side , however , did not seem to offend or mortify his fair companion in the least , for on their breaking up the conference soon afterwards , and moving different ways , Mrs . Jennings very plainly heard Elinor say , and with a voice which shewed her to feel what she said ,
22 : 13 The slothful man saith , There is a lion without , I shall be slain in the streets .
When Marianne was recovered , the schemes of amusement at home and abroad , which Sir John had been previously forming , were put into execution .
16 : 8 And Moses said unto Korah , Hear , I pray you , ye sons of Levi : 16 : 9 Seemeth it but a small thing unto you , that the God of Israel hath separated you from the congregation of Israel , to bring you near to himself to do the service of the tabernacle of the LORD , and to stand before the congregation to minister unto them ?
9 : 30 And he sent the letters unto all the Jews , to the hundred twenty and seven provinces of the kingdom of Ahasuerus , with words of peace and truth , 9 : 31 To confirm these days of Purim in their times appointed , according as Mordecai the Jew and Esther the queen had enjoined them , and as they had decreed for themselves and for their seed , the matters of the fastings and their cry .
Even you , used as you are to great sums , would hardly believe that so much could be given to a young person like Jane ."
And he arose and departed : and Jonathan went into the city .
7 : 22 And Ephraim their father mourned many days , and his brethren came to comfort him .
54 : 2 Enlarge the place of thy tent , and let them stretch forth the curtains of thine habitations : spare not , lengthen thy cords , and strengthen thy stakes ; 54 : 3 For thou shalt break forth on the right hand and on the left ; and thy seed shall inherit the Gentiles , and make the desolate cities to be inhabited .
5 : 8 Blessed are the pure in heart : for they shall see God .
9 : 5 And to them it was given that they should not kill them , but that they should be tormented five months : and their torment was as the torment of a scorpion , when he striketh a man .
1 : 5 A wise man will hear , and will increase learning ; and a man of understanding shall attain unto wise counsels : 1 : 6 To understand a proverb , and the interpretation ; the words of the wise , and their dark sayings .
These only are my fellowworkers unto the kingdom of God , which have been a comfort unto me .
4 : 12 Beloved , think it not strange concerning the fiery trial which is to try you , as though some strange thing happened unto you : 4 : 13 But rejoice , inasmuch as ye are partakers of Christ ' s sufferings ; that , when his glory shall be revealed , ye may be glad also with exceeding joy .
The acquaintance at present had no charm for her .
Is it a time to receive money , and to receive garments , and oliveyards , and vineyards , and sheep , and oxen , and menservants , and maidservants ?
And the Lord said unto him , Arise , and go into the city , and it shall be told thee what thou must do .
21 : 28 And the word of the LORD came to Elijah the Tishbite , saying , 21 : 29 Seest thou how Ahab humbleth himself before me ?
Her daughter did not look , however , as if much of it were heard by her .
89 : 28 My mercy will I keep for him for evermore , and my covenant shall stand fast with him .
Its tendency would be to raise and refine her mind -- and it must be saving her from the danger of degradation .
37 : 24 And David my servant shall be king over them ; and they all shall have one shepherd : they shall also walk in my judgments , and observe my statutes , and do them .
you are an odd creature !"
2 : 5 But after thy hardness and impenitent heart treasurest up unto thyself wrath against the day of wrath and revelation of the righteous judgment of God ; 2 : 6 Who will render to every man according to his deeds : 2 : 7 To them who by patient continuance in well doing seek for glory and honour and immortality , eternal life : 2 : 8 But unto them that are contentious , and do not obey the truth , but obey unrighteousness , indignation and wrath , 2 : 9 Tribulation and anguish , upon every soul of man that doeth evil , of the Jew first , and also of the Gentile ; 2 : 10 But glory , honour , and peace , to every man that worketh good , to the Jew first , and also to the Gentile : 2 : 11 For there is no respect of persons with God .
Why should not they explore to Box Hill though the Sucklings did not come ?
38 : 23 And with him was Aholiab , son of Ahisamach , of the tribe of Dan , an engraver , and a cunning workman , and an embroiderer in blue , and in purple , and in scarlet , and fine linen .
45 : 16 All the people of the land shall give this oblation for the prince in Israel .
And they said unto him , Caesar ' s .
19 : 6 And he made haste , and came down , and received him joyfully .
" Not at all ."
Oh , for shame !-- To be sure you must know better than that .
8 : 13 I will surely consume them , saith the LORD : there shall be no grapes on the vine , nor figs on the fig tree , and the leaf shall fade ; and the things that I have given them shall pass away from them .
15 : 9 Then the Philistines went up , and pitched in Judah , and spread themselves in Lehi .
" I cannot express my disappointment in having missed you the day before yesterday , nor my astonishment at not having received any answer to a note which I sent you above a week ago .
2 : 36 The priests : the children of Jedaiah , of the house of Jeshua , nine hundred seventy and three .
3 : 9 And he said , Who art thou ?
21 : 13 And David said unto Gad , I am in a great strait : let me fall now into the hand of the LORD ; for very great are his mercies : but let me not fall into the hand of man .
" The sooner every party breaks up , the better ."
118 : 16 The right hand of the LORD is exalted : the right hand of the LORD doeth valiantly .
23 : 13 Then David and his men , which were about six hundred , arose and departed out of Keilah , and went whithersoever they could go .
And he brought forth the spoil of the city in great abundance .
It is with great regret that I obey your commands in returning the letters with which I have been honoured from you , and the lock of hair , which you so obligingly bestowed on me .
God knows , I have been a very indifferent lover .-- But you understand me .-- Yes , you see , you understand my feelings -- and will return them if you can .
12 : 1 Now concerning spiritual gifts , brethren , I would not have you ignorant .
4 : 28 All this came upon the king Nebuchadnezzar .
But a day spent in sitting shivering over the fire with a book in her hand , which she was unable to read , or in lying , weary and languid , on a sofa , did not speak much in favour of her amendment ; and when , at last , she went early to bed , more and more indisposed , Colonel Brandon was only astonished at her sister ' s composure , who , though attending and nursing her the whole day , against Marianne inclination , and forcing proper medicines on her at night , trusted , like Marianne , to the certainty and efficacy of sleep , and felt no real alarm .
CHAPTER 12
3 : 9 For behold the stone that I have laid before Joshua ; upon one stone shall be seven eyes : behold , I will engrave the graving thereof , saith the LORD of hosts , and I will remove the iniquity of that land in one day .
4 : 22 Likewise at the same time said I unto the people , Let every one with his servant lodge within Jerusalem , that in the night they may be a guard to us , and labour on the day .
It was all quite natural , however .
" Myself creating what I saw ,"
The Randalls party agreed to it immediately ; and after a pretty long speech from Miss Bates , which few persons listened to , she also found it possible to accept dear Miss Woodhouse ' s most obliging invitation .
21 : 7 And he saw a chariot with a couple of horsemen , a chariot of asses , and a chariot of camels ; and he hearkened diligently with much heed : 21 : 8 And he cried , A lion : My lord , I stand continually upon the watchtower in the daytime , and I am set in my ward whole nights : 21 : 9 And , behold , here cometh a chariot of men , with a couple of horsemen .
27 : 9 And thou shalt make the court of the tabernacle : for the south side southward there shall be hangings for the court of fine twined linen of an hundred cubits long for one side : 27 : 10 And the twenty pillars thereof and their twenty sockets shall be of brass ; the hooks of the pillars and their fillets shall be of silver .
104 : 1 Bless the LORD , O my soul .
And Mrs . Jennings too , an exceedingly well - behaved woman , though not so elegant as her daughter .
I assure you , Miss Anne , it prevents my wishing to see them at our house so often as I otherwise should .
14 : 16 Let not then your good be evil spoken of : 14 : 17 For the kingdom of God is not meat and drink ; but righteousness , and peace , and joy in the Holy Ghost .
" Do you know where they came from ?"
10 : 19 But when they deliver you up , take no thought how or what ye shall speak : for it shall be given you in that same hour what ye shall speak .
7 : 17 For the Lamb which is in the midst of the throne shall feed them , and shall lead them unto living fountains of waters : and God shall wipe away all tears from their eyes .
" I shall always think myself very much obliged to you ."
Perhaps she pitied and esteemed him the more because he was slighted by Willoughby and Marianne , who , prejudiced against him for being neither lively nor young , seemed resolved to undervalue his merits .
" Mr . Elton is a very pretty young man , to be sure , and a very good young man , and I have a great regard for him .
18 : 15 And Elijah said , As the LORD of hosts liveth , before whom I stand , I will surely shew myself unto him to day .
" Where is the young man ?"
9 : 8 And he bowed himself , and said , What is thy servant , that thou shouldest look upon such a dead dog as I am ?
what should hinder it ?"
8 : 11 Behold , the days come , saith the Lord GOD , that I will send a famine in the land , not a famine of bread , nor a thirst for water , but of hearing the words of the LORD : 8 : 12 And they shall wander from sea to sea , and from the north even to the east , they shall run to and fro to seek the word of the LORD , and shall not find it .
11 : 3 And the elders of Jabesh said unto him , Give us seven days ' respite , that we may send messengers unto all the coasts of Israel : and then , if there be no man to save us , we will come out to thee .
Come , he knows himself there .
Hast thou eaten of the tree , whereof I commanded thee that thou shouldest not eat ?
Then do tell me what he was at that time of life .
Selah .
2 : 31 But the servants of David had smitten of Benjamin , and of Abner ' s men , so that three hundred and threescore men died .
37 : 13 Where is the king of Hamath , and the king of Arphad , and the king of the city of Sepharvaim , Hena , and Ivah ?
25 : 4 And the LORD hath sent unto you all his servants the prophets , rising early and sending them ; but ye have not hearkened , nor inclined your ear to hear .
29 : 15 The rod and reproof give wisdom : but a child left to himself bringeth his mother to shame .
7 : 8 So the people took victuals in their hand , and their trumpets : and he sent all the rest of Israel every man unto his tent , and retained those three hundred men : and the host of Midian was beneath him in the valley .
I am extremely sorry for it -- for I know him to be a very good - hearted creature ; as well - meaning a fellow perhaps , as any in the world .
-- That thousands of sweepers , Dick , Joe , Ned , and Jack , Were all of them locked up in coffins of black .
11 : 12 And their brethren that did the work of the house were eight hundred twenty and two : and Adaiah the son of Jeroham , the son of Pelaliah , the son of Amzi , the son of Zechariah , the son of Pashur , the son of Malchiah .
31 : 6 So Saul died , and his three sons , and his armourbearer , and all his men , that same day together .
23 : 12 Wherefore their way shall be unto them as slippery ways in the darkness : they shall be driven on , and fall therein : for I will bring evil upon them , even the year of their visitation , saith the LORD .
2 : 5 And they , whether they will hear , or whether they will forbear , ( for they are a rebellious house ,) yet shall know that there hath been a prophet among them .
1 : 15 Yet will I bring an heir unto thee , O inhabitant of Mareshah : he shall come unto Adullam the glory of Israel .
Time will generally lessen the interest of every attachment not within the daily circle -- but that is not the change I had in view for you .
39 : 20 And Joseph ' s master took him , and put him into the prison , a place where the king ' s prisoners were bound : and he was there in the prison .
It was not merely in fine words or hyperbolical compliment that he paid his duty ; nothing could be more proper or pleasing than his whole manner to her -- nothing could more agreeably denote his wish of considering her as a friend and securing her affection .
13 : 16 Give glory to the LORD your God , before he cause darkness , and before your feet stumble upon the dark mountains , and , while ye look for light , he turn it into the shadow of death , and make it gross darkness .
52 : 5 God shall likewise destroy thee for ever , he shall take thee away , and pluck thee out of thy dwelling place , and root thee out of the land of the living .
Your person , your disposition , accomplishments , manner ; they were all present to me ."
8 : 1 When he was come down from the mountain , great multitudes followed him .
1 : 20 And straightway he called them : and they left their father Zebedee in the ship with the hired servants , and went after him .
Half an hour passed away , and the favourable symptom yet blessed her .
12 : 21 And the second took her , and died , neither left he any seed : and the third likewise .
16 : 7 And thus said Shimei when he cursed , Come out , come out , thou bloody man , and thou man of Belial : 16 : 8 The LORD hath returned upon thee all the blood of the house of Saul , in whose stead thou hast reigned ; and the LORD hath delivered the kingdom into the hand of Absalom thy son : and , behold , thou art taken in thy mischief , because thou art a bloody man .
Poor man !
4 : 9 But as touching brotherly love ye need not that I write unto you : for ye yourselves are taught of God to love one another .
" I do not understand what you mean by interrupting them ," said Elinor ; " you were all in the same room together , were not you ?"
Mr . Weston was following ; but Mrs . Elton detained him , to gratify him by her opinion of his son ; and so briskly did she begin , that the young man himself , though by no means moving slowly , could hardly be out of hearing .
3 : 14 So the children of Israel served Eglon the king of Moab eighteen years .
He had a wife .
O Judah , what shall I do unto thee ?
21 : 10 If he take him another wife ; her food , her raiment , and her duty of marriage , shall he not diminish .
3 : 6 Moreover the old gate repaired Jehoiada the son of Paseah , and Meshullam the son of Besodeiah ; they laid the beams thereof , and set up the doors thereof , and the locks thereof , and the bars thereof .
Every thing that I have said or done , for many weeks past , has been with the sole view of marking my adoration of yourself .
17 : 1 There was also a lot for the tribe of Manasseh ; for he was the firstborn of Joseph ; to wit , for Machir the firstborn of Manasseh , the father of Gilead : because he was a man of war , therefore he had Gilead and Bashan .
Would she recollect him ?
20 : 27 The spirit of man is the candle of the LORD , searching all the inward parts of the belly .
23 : 47 Now when the centurion saw what was done , he glorified God , saying , Certainly this was a righteous man .
17 : 5 Then said Absalom , Call now Hushai the Archite also , and let us hear likewise what he saith .
2 : 27 And those that encamp by him shall be the tribe of Asher : and the captain of the children of Asher shall be Pagiel the son of Ocran .
Emma was soon perfectly satisfied of Mr . Martin ' s being no otherwise remembered , than as he furnished a contrast with Mr . Elton , of the utmost advantage to the latter .
It is such enjoyment to them , that if their uncle did not lay down the rule of their taking turns , whichever began would never give way to the other ."
3 : 4 For while one saith , I am of Paul ; and another , I am of Apollos ; are ye not carnal ?
my dear ," said the Admiral , " when he had got a wife , he will sing a different tune .
28 : 1 And it shall come to pass , if thou shalt hearken diligently unto the voice of the LORD thy God , to observe and to do all his commandments which I command thee this day , that the LORD thy God will set thee on high above all nations of the earth : 28 : 2 And all these blessings shall come on thee , and overtake thee , if thou shalt hearken unto the voice of the LORD thy God .
He then really thought himself equal to it .
For I was the king ' s cupbearer .
She was sure it was very ill -- it cried , and fretted , and was all over pimples .
She felt a great deal of good - will towards him .
and where are the dwelling places of the wicked ?
What shall I say to you ?
9 : 26 For whosoever shall be ashamed of me and of my words , of him shall the Son of man be ashamed , when he shall come in his own glory , and in his Father ' s , and of the holy angels .
How could I look on without agony ?
And he said , Legion : because many devils were entered into him .
" Yes , here I am , my good friend ; and here I have been so long , that anywhere else I should think it necessary to apologise ; but , the truth is , that I am waiting for my lord and master .
The sister , Mrs Croft , had then been out of England , accompanying her husband on a foreign station , and her own sister , Mary , had been at school while it all occurred ; and never admitted by the pride of some , and the delicacy of others , to the smallest knowledge of it afterwards .
" A dance !"
18 : 10 Then Simon Peter having a sword drew it , and smote the high priest ' s servant , and cut off his right ear .
32 : 26 Our little ones , our wives , our flocks , and all our cattle , shall be there in the cities of Gilead : 32 : 27 But thy servants will pass over , every man armed for war , before the LORD to battle , as my lord saith .
Hers is a line for seeing human nature ; and she has a fund of good sense and observation , which , as a companion , make her infinitely superior to thousands of those who having only received ` the best education in the world ,' know nothing worth attending to .
15 : 13 A merry heart maketh a cheerful countenance : but by sorrow of the heart the spirit is broken .
she was as grateful as possible , you may be sure .
Miss Nash had been telling her something , which she repeated immediately with great delight .
If I could persuade myself that my manners were perfectly easy and graceful , I should not be shy ."
While her father spoke , there was a knock at the door .
" Certainly -- and I think I may afford to give them five hundred pounds a - piece .
2 : 15 Love not the world , neither the things that are in the world .
8 : 14 And he brought the bullock for the sin offering : and Aaron and his sons laid their hands upon the head of the bullock for the sin offering .
Next week ?
To some few of the company it appeared rather a bold undertaking , considering the time of year , and that it had rained every day for the last fortnight ;-- and Mrs . Dashwood , who had already a cold , was persuaded by Elinor to stay at home .
32 : 6 And he set captains of war over the people , and gathered them together to him in the street of the gate of the city , and spake comfortably to them , saying , 32 : 7 Be strong and courageous , be not afraid nor dismayed for the king of Assyria , nor for all the multitude that is with him : for there be more with us than with him : 32 : 8 With him is an arm of flesh ; but with us is the LORD our God to help us , and to fight our battles .
28 : 23 Ye shall offer these beside the burnt offering in the morning , which is for a continual burnt offering .
But I thought of her , I believe , every moment of the day .
His pleasure in music , though it amounted not to that ecstatic delight which alone could sympathize with her own , was estimable when contrasted against the horrible insensibility of the others ; and she was reasonable enough to allow that a man of five and thirty might well have outlived all acuteness of feeling and every exquisite power of enjoyment .
4 : 1 Then was Jesus led up of the spirit into the wilderness to be tempted of the devil .
39 : 6 And he left all that he had in Joseph ' s hand ; and he knew not ought he had , save the bread which he did eat .
I do not think it could disagree with you ."
Mrs . Jennings sat on Elinor ' s right hand ; and they had not been long seated , before she leant behind her and Willoughby , and said to Marianne , loud enough for them both to hear , " I have found you out in spite of all your tricks .
22 : 5 And David said , Solomon my son is young and tender , and the house that is to be builded for the LORD must be exceeding magnifical , of fame and of glory throughout all countries : I will therefore now make preparation for it .
11 : 2 And Gilead ' s wife bare him sons ; and his wife ' s sons grew up , and they thrust out Jephthah , and said unto him , Thou shalt not inherit in our father ' s house ; for thou art the son of a strange woman .
13 : 26 But if the priest look on it , and , behold , there be no white hair in the bright spot , and it be no lower than the other skin , but be somewhat dark ; then the priest shall shut him up seven days : 13 : 27 And the priest shall look upon him the seventh day : and if it be spread much abroad in the skin , then the priest shall pronounce him unclean : it is the plague of leprosy .
12 : 20 And the cities that are inhabited shall be laid waste , and the land shall be desolate ; and ye shall know that I am the LORD .
21 : 22 And if a man have committed a sin worthy of death , and he be to be put to death , and thou hang him on a tree : 21 : 23 His body shall not remain all night upon the tree , but thou shalt in any wise bury him that day ; ( for he that is hanged is accursed of God ;) that thy land be not defiled , which the LORD thy God giveth thee for an inheritance .
Mr . Knightley was fortunate in every body ' s most ready concurrence .
51 : 8 Babylon is suddenly fallen and destroyed : howl for her ; take balm for her pain , if so be she may be healed .
29 : 17 I know also , my God , that thou triest the heart , and hast pleasure in uprightness .
and his hand is stretched out , and who shall turn it back ?
22 : 48 It is God that avengeth me , and that bringeth down the people under me .
And all they of Israel were a thousand thousand and an hundred thousand men that drew sword : and Judah was four hundred threescore and ten thousand men that drew sword .
10 : 2 Then said David , I will shew kindness unto Hanun the son of Nahash , as his father shewed kindness unto me .
And they came to meet him , and bowed themselves to the ground before him .
Perhaps they began to feel it might have been kinder and wiser to have resisted the temptation of any delay , and spared her from a taste of such enjoyments of ease and leisure as must now be relinquished .
18 : 21 Now the cities of the tribe of the children of Benjamin according to their families were Jericho , and Bethhoglah , and the valley of Keziz , 18 : 22 And Betharabah , and Zemaraim , and Bethel , 18 : 23 And Avim , and Pharah , and Ophrah , 18 : 24 And Chepharhaammonai , and Ophni , and Gaba ; twelve cities with their villages : 18 : 25 Gibeon , and Ramah , and Beeroth , 18 : 26 And Mizpeh , and Chephirah , and Mozah , 18 : 27 And Rekem , and Irpeel , and Taralah , 18 : 28 And Zelah , Eleph , and Jebusi , which is Jerusalem , Gibeath , and Kirjath ; fourteen cities with their villages .
And he took again the twelve , and began to tell them what things should happen unto him , 10 : 33 Saying , Behold , we go up to Jerusalem ; and the Son of man shall be delivered unto the chief priests , and unto the scribes ; and they shall condemn him to death , and shall deliver him to the Gentiles : 10 : 34 And they shall mock him , and shall scourge him , and shall spit upon him , and shall kill him : and the third day he shall rise again .
Surely this comparison must have its use with her .
14 : 6 Therefore say unto the house of Israel , Thus saith the Lord GOD ; Repent , and turn yourselves from your idols ; and turn away your faces from all your abominations .
I have no notion of people ' s making such a to - do about money and greatness .
" Oh yes ; next week ."
He was , at that time , a remarkably fine young man , with a great deal of intelligence , spirit , and brilliancy ; and Anne an extremely pretty girl , with gentleness , modesty , taste , and feeling .
23 : 31 Wherefore ye be witnesses unto yourselves , that ye are the children of them which killed the prophets .
The Old Testament of the King James Bible
49 : 19 For thy waste and thy desolate places , and the land of thy destruction , shall even now be too narrow by reason of the inhabitants , and they that swallowed thee up shall be far away .
19 : 36 Just balances , just weights , a just ephah , and a just hin , shall ye have : I am the LORD your God , which brought you out of the land of Egypt .
26 : 26 Whose hatred is covered by deceit , his wickedness shall be shewed before the whole congregation .
23 : 40 But the other answering rebuked him , saying , Dost not thou fear God , seeing thou art in the same condemnation ?
8 : 12 And all the people went their way to eat , and to drink , and to send portions , and to make great mirth , because they had understood the words that were declared unto them .
8 : 38 For I am persuaded , that neither death , nor life , nor angels , nor principalities , nor powers , nor things present , nor things to come , 8 : 39 Nor height , nor depth , nor any other creature , shall be able to separate us from the love of God , which is in Christ Jesus our Lord .
2 : 24 For the name of God is blasphemed among the Gentiles through you , as it is written .
14 : 27 And Moses stretched forth his hand over the sea , and the sea returned to his strength when the morning appeared ; and the Egyptians fled against it ; and the LORD overthrew the Egyptians in the midst of the sea .
16 : 12 And thou shalt remember that thou wast a bondman in Egypt : and thou shalt observe and do these statutes .
3 : 13 For now should I have lain still and been quiet , I should have slept : then had I been at rest , 3 : 14 With kings and counsellors of the earth , which build desolate places for themselves ; 3 : 15 Or with princes that had gold , who filled their houses with silver : 3 : 16 Or as an hidden untimely birth I had not been ; as infants which never saw light .
Can I do any thing for you ?"
38 : 14 Thus I was as a man that heareth not , and in whose mouth are no reproofs .
2 : 6 And he hath violently taken away his tabernacle , as if it were of a garden : he hath destroyed his places of the assembly : the LORD hath caused the solemn feasts and sabbaths to be forgotten in Zion , and hath despised in the indignation of his anger the king and the priest .
8 : 16 And he brought me into the inner court of the LORD ' s house , and , behold , at the door of the temple of the LORD , between the porch and the altar , were about five and twenty men , with their backs toward the temple of the LORD , and their faces toward the east ; and they worshipped the sun toward the east .
12 : 28 But if I cast out devils by the Spirit of God , then the kingdom of God is come unto you .
5 : 5 Now she that is a widow indeed , and desolate , trusteth in God , and continueth in supplications and prayers night and day .
" Come , come ; this is all an effusion of immediate want of spirits , Edward .
And he wrote them in two tables of stone , and delivered them unto me .
Is there unrighteousness with God ?
What other reason for the disclosure of the affair could there be , but that Elinor might be informed by it of Lucy ' s superior claims on Edward , and be taught to avoid him in future ?
6 : 14 And the elders of the Jews builded , and they prospered through the prophesying of Haggai the prophet and Zechariah the son of Iddo .
Now I say , my dear , in _our_ case , for _lady_ , read ---- mum !
13 : 2 And now they sin more and more , and have made them molten images of their silver , and idols according to their own understanding , all of it the work of the craftsmen : they say of them , Let the men that sacrifice kiss the calves .
14 : 46 And they laid their hands on him , and took him .
They recommended the army .
You never wrote a truer line ."
Am I reserved , Marianne ?"
and , What profit shall I have , if I be cleansed from my sin ?
2 : 4 Behold , his soul which is lifted up is not upright in him : but the just shall live by his faith .
47 : 1 Afterward he brought me again unto the door of the house ; and , behold , waters issued out from under the threshold of the house eastward : for the forefront of the house stood toward the east , and the waters came down from under from the right side of the house , at the south side of the altar .
CHAPTER VIII
139 : 13 For thou hast possessed my reins : thou hast covered me in my mother ' s womb .
" So my daughter Middleton told me , for it seems Sir John met him somewhere in the street this morning ."
he that reproveth God , let him answer it .
I am sure of having their opinions with me ."
She should then have heard more : Mrs . Weston would speak to her , with a degree of unreserve which she would not hazard with Isabella ; and , she really believed , would scarcely try to conceal any thing relative to the Churchills from her , excepting those views on the young man , of which her own imagination had already given her such instinctive knowledge .
" There is so pointed , and so particular a meaning in this compliment ," said she , " that I cannot have a doubt as to Mr . Elton ' s intentions .
And the king of Israel said unto him , Nay : for the LORD hath called these three kings together , to deliver them into the hand of Moab .
" No , not true on your side .
17 : 14 And the uncircumcised man child whose flesh of his foreskin is not circumcised , that soul shall be cut off from his people ; he hath broken my covenant .
17 : 6 In the ninth year of Hoshea the king of Assyria took Samaria , and carried Israel away into Assyria , and placed them in Halah and in Habor by the river of Gozan , and in the cities of the Medes .
6 : 4 Yet they sent unto me four times after this sort ; and I answered them after the same manner .
A moment ' s reflection shewed her the mistake she had been under .
23 : 29 For whatsoever soul it be that shall not be afflicted in that same day , he shall be cut off from among his people .
Then the baked apples came home , Mrs . Wallis sent them by her boy ; they are extremely civil and obliging to us , the Wallises , always -- I have heard some people say that Mrs . Wallis can be uncivil and give a very rude answer , but we have never known any thing but the greatest attention from them .
Nobody is healthy in London , nobody can be .
2 : 26 Jerahmeel had also another wife , whose name was Atarah ; she was the mother of Onam .
6 : 30 And the floors of the house he overlaid with gold , within and without .
Thy ready wit the word will soon supply , May its approval beam in that soft eye !
14 : 20 In that day shall there be upon the bells of the horses , HOLINESS UNTO THE LORD ; and the pots in the LORD ' s house shall be like the bowls before the altar .
Sir Walter , his two daughters , and Mrs Clay , were the earliest of all their party at the rooms in the evening ; and as Lady Dalrymple must be waited for , they took their station by one of the fires in the Octagon Room .
4 : 18 And his wife Jehudijah bare Jered the father of Gedor , and Heber the father of Socho , and Jekuthiel the father of Zanoah .
9 : 30 Which when the brethren knew , they brought him down to Caesarea , and sent him forth to Tarsus .
17 : 14 Heal me , O LORD , and I shall be healed ; save me , and I shall be saved : for thou art my praise .
18 : 12 And it shall come to pass , as soon as I am gone from thee , that the Spirit of the LORD shall carry thee whither I know not ; and so when I come and tell Ahab , and he cannot find thee , he shall slay me : but I thy servant fear the LORD from my youth .
But Elinor would not give her any encouragement to hope that she SHOULD tell her sister .
Do as you please ."
36 : 22 One board had two tenons , equally distant one from another : thus did he make for all the boards of the tabernacle .
I do think he must have been sent for about money matters , for what else can it be ?
8 : 7 And he put upon him the coat , and girded him with the girdle , and clothed him with the robe , and put the ephod upon him , and he girded him with the curious girdle of the ephod , and bound it unto him therewith .
19 : 13 Then were there brought unto him little children , that he should put his hands on them , and pray : and the disciples rebuked them .
He is just Lady Russell ' s sort .
66 : 3 He that killeth an ox is as if he slew a man ; he that sacrificeth a lamb , as if he cut off a dog ' s neck ; he that offereth an oblation , as if he offered swine ' s blood ; he that burneth incense , as if he blessed an idol .
17 : 5 And it shall come to pass , that the man ' s rod , whom I shall choose , shall blossom : and I will make to cease from me the murmurings of the children of Israel , whereby they murmur against you .
22 : 10 There shall no stranger eat of the holy thing : a sojourner of the priest , or an hired servant , shall not eat of the holy thing .
10 : 14 For we stretch not ourselves beyond our measure , as though we reached not unto you : for we are come as far as to you also in preaching the gospel of Christ : 10 : 15 Not boasting of things without our measure , that is , of other men ' s labours ; but having hope , when your faith is increased , that we shall be enlarged by you according to our rule abundantly , 10 : 16 To preach the gospel in the regions beyond you , and not to boast in another man ' s line of things made ready to our hand .
When their promised visit to the Park and consequent introduction to these young ladies took place , they found in the appearance of the eldest , who was nearly thirty , with a very plain and not a sensible face , nothing to admire ; but in the other , who was not more than two or three and twenty , they acknowledged considerable beauty ; her features were pretty , and she had a sharp quick eye , and a smartness of air , which though it did not give actual elegance or grace , gave distinction to her person .-- Their manners were particularly civil , and Elinor soon allowed them credit for some kind of sense , when she saw with what constant and judicious attention they were making themselves agreeable to Lady Middleton .
And wilt thou deliver them into mine hand ?
So Daniel was taken up out of the den , and no manner of hurt was found upon him , because he believed in his God .
Good bye ,-- God bless you !"
10 : 16 And he said , Come with me , and see my zeal for the LORD .
55 : 8 I would hasten my escape from the windy storm and tempest .
40 : 14 With whom took he counsel , and who instructed him , and taught him in the path of judgment , and taught him knowledge , and shewed to him the way of understanding ?
3 : 25 And the charge of the sons of Gershon in the tabernacle of the congregation shall be the tabernacle , and the tent , the covering thereof , and the hanging for the door of the tabernacle of the congregation , 3 : 26 And the hangings of the court , and the curtain for the door of the court , which is by the tabernacle , and by the altar round about , and the cords of it for all the service thereof .
" Well ," said Anne , " I certainly am proud , too proud to enjoy a welcome which depends so entirely upon place ."
That is too young to settle .
Your time has been properly and delicately spent , if you have been endeavouring for the last four years to bring about this marriage .
It was a perpetual estrangement .
18 : 16 At that time did Hezekiah cut off the gold from the doors of the temple of the LORD , and from the pillars which Hezekiah king of Judah had overlaid , and gave it to the king of Assyria .
12 : 15 The princes also of Pharaoh saw her , and commended her before Pharaoh : and the woman was taken into Pharaoh ' s house .
I thought him very plain at first , but I do not think him so plain now .
" Excuse me , ma ' am , but this is by no means my intention ; I make no inquiry myself , and should be sorry to have any made by my friends .
He had never walked anywhere arm - in - arm with Colonel Wallis ( who was a fine military figure , though sandy - haired ) without observing that every woman ' s eye was upon him ; every woman ' s eye was sure to be upon Colonel Wallis ."
" I beg your pardon , my dear Miss Elliot ," she cried , in her natural tone of cordiality , " I beg your pardon for the short answers I have been giving you , but I have been uncertain what I ought to do .
But I kept my eye on it ; and , as soon as I dared , caught it up , and never parted with it again from that moment ."
28 : 23 And thy heaven that is over thy head shall be brass , and the earth that is under thee shall be iron .
We shall never forget what you did ."
However , I do not mean to say they have not a right to it .
The case , you see , is --( but this is quite between ourselves : I did not mention a syllable of it in the other room .
Do let me hear what she says .'"
My affection for Marianne , my thorough conviction of her attachment to me -- it was all insufficient to outweigh that dread of poverty , or get the better of those false ideas of the necessity of riches , which I was naturally inclined to feel , and expensive society had increased .
Miss Woodhouse made the proper acquiescence ; and finding that nothing more was to be entrapped from any communication of Mrs . Cole ' s , turned to Frank Churchill .
28 : 22 And in the time of his distress did he trespass yet more against the LORD : this is that king Ahaz .
7 : 37 In the last day , that great day of the feast , Jesus stood and cried , saying , If any man thirst , let him come unto me , and drink .
25 : 18 But he that had received one went and digged in the earth , and hid his lord ' s money .
8 : 3 And he put forth the form of an hand , and took me by a lock of mine head ; and the spirit lifted me up between the earth and the heaven , and brought me in the visions of God to Jerusalem , to the door of the inner gate that looketh toward the north ; where was the seat of the image of jealousy , which provoketh to jealousy .
53 : 3 He is despised and rejected of men ; a man of sorrows , and acquainted with grief : and we hid as it were our faces from him ; he was despised , and we esteemed him not .
" It is odd though ," observed his father , " that you should have had such a regular connected dream about people whom it was not very likely you should be thinking of at Enscombe .
Why would you be persuaded by my uncle , Sir Robert , against your own judgment , to place Edward under private tuition , at the most critical time of his life ?
28 : 25 And on the seventh day ye shall have an holy convocation ; ye shall do no servile work .
arise , and eat bread , and let thine heart be merry : I will give thee the vineyard of Naboth the Jezreelite .
30 : 26 And thou shalt anoint the tabernacle of the congregation therewith , and the ark of the testimony , 30 : 27 And the table and all his vessels , and the candlestick and his vessels , and the altar of incense , 30 : 28 And the altar of burnt offering with all his vessels , and the laver and his foot .
What is to become of that ?-- Very true .
" Well , I have so little confidence in my own judgment , that whenever I marry , I hope some body will chuse my wife for me .
Are you in any doubt as to that ?
my hope is in thee .
14 : 26 And when the people were come into the wood , behold , the honey dropped ; but no man put his hand to his mouth : for the people feared the oath .
29 : 12 Then the Levites arose , Mahath the son of Amasai , and Joel the son of Azariah , of the sons of the Kohathites : and of the sons of Merari , Kish the son of Abdi , and Azariah the son of Jehalelel : and of the Gershonites ; Joah the son of Zimmah , and Eden the son of Joah : 29 : 13 And of the sons of Elizaphan ; Shimri , and Jeiel : and of the sons of Asaph ; Zechariah , and Mattaniah : 29 : 14 And of the sons of Heman ; Jehiel , and Shimei : and of the sons of Jeduthun ; Shemaiah , and Uzziel .
109 : 19 Let it be unto him as the garment which covereth him , and for a girdle wherewith he is girded continually .
Lady Russell had little taste for wit , and of anything approaching to imprudence a horror .
She had gone to her letters , and found it all as she supposed ; and the re - perusal of these letters , after so long an interval , her poor son gone for ever , and all the strength of his faults forgotten , had affected her spirits exceedingly , and thrown her into greater grief for him than she had know on first hearing of his death .
" Thank you , dear Miss Woodhouse .
3 : 31 And after him was Shamgar the son of Anath , which slew of the Philistines six hundred men with an ox goad : and he also delivered Israel .
22 : 21 Thou shalt neither vex a stranger , nor oppress him : for ye were strangers in the land of Egypt .
Emma got up on the morrow more disposed for comfort than she had gone to bed , more ready to see alleviations of the evil before her , and to depend on getting tolerably out of it .
But to appear happy when I am so miserable -- Oh !
27 : 12 And for the breadth of the court on the west side shall be hangings of fifty cubits : their pillars ten , and their sockets ten .
2 : 23 And he took Geshur , and Aram , with the towns of Jair , from them , with Kenath , and the towns thereof , even threescore cities .
No sooner was her answer dispatched , than Mrs . Dashwood indulged herself in the pleasure of announcing to her son - in - law and his wife that she was provided with a house , and should incommode them no longer than till every thing were ready for her inhabiting it .
And his chariot was made ready .
They must both have suffered a great deal under such a system of secresy and concealment ."
34 : 24 And I the LORD will be their God , and my servant David a prince among them ; I the LORD have spoken it .
" I am perfectly satisfied ," replied Emma , with the brightest smiles , " and most sincerely wish them happy ."
5 : 40 And ye will not come to me , that ye might have life .
17 : 6 And when Hushai was come to Absalom , Absalom spake unto him , saying , Ahithophel hath spoken after this manner : shall we do after his saying ?
CHAPTER XVI
And next unto him repaired Hattush the son of Hashabniah .
there is more hope of a fool than of him .
2 : 17 Then the tabernacle of the congregation shall set forward with the camp of the Levites in the midst of the camp : as they encamp , so shall they set forward , every man in his place by their standards .
9 : 11 He answered and said , A man that is called Jesus made clay , and anointed mine eyes , and said unto me , Go to the pool of Siloam , and wash : and I went and washed , and I received sight .
With the greatest respect , and the warmest friendship , do I mention Miss Woodhouse ; my father perhaps will think I ought to add , with the deepest humiliation .-- A few words which dropped from him yesterday spoke his opinion , and some censure I acknowledge myself liable to .-- My behaviour to Miss Woodhouse indicated , I believe , more than it ought .-- In order to assist a concealment so essential to me , I was led on to make more than an allowable use of the sort of intimacy into which we were immediately thrown .-- I cannot deny that Miss Woodhouse was my ostensible object -- but I am sure you will believe the declaration , that had I not been convinced of her indifference , I would not have been induced by any selfish views to go on .-- Amiable and delightful as Miss Woodhouse is , she never gave me the idea of a young woman likely to be attached ; and that she was perfectly free from any tendency to being attached to me , was as much my conviction as my wish .-- She received my attentions with an easy , friendly , goodhumoured playfulness , which exactly suited me .
The Epistle of Paul the Apostle to the Ephesians
I have power to lay it down , and I have power to take it again .
5 : 7 Purge out therefore the old leaven , that ye may be a new lump , as ye are unleavened .
This was so very well understood between them , that Emma could not but feel some surprise , and a little displeasure , on hearing from Mr . Weston that he had been proposing to Mrs . Elton , as her brother and sister had failed her , that the two parties should unite , and go together ; and that as Mrs . Elton had very readily acceded to it , so it was to be , if she had no objection .
33 : 20 And he erected there an altar , and called it EleloheIsrael .
34 : 11 For the work of a man shall he render unto him , and cause every man to find according to his ways .
15 : 20 And Menahem exacted the money of Israel , even of all the mighty men of wealth , of each man fifty shekels of silver , to give to the king of Assyria .
She rather suspected it to be so , on the very first evening of their being together , from his listening so attentively while she sang to them ; and when the visit was returned by the Middletons ' dining at the cottage , the fact was ascertained by his listening to her again .
Her visit to Abbey - Mill , this summer , seems to have done his business .
2 : 22 Who is a liar but he that denieth that Jesus is the Christ ?
3 : 1 And the child Samuel ministered unto the LORD before Eli .
He was only wrong in accepting the attentions ( for accepting must be the word ) of two young women at once .
" And so , ma ' am , all these thing considered ," said Mrs Musgrove , in her powerful whisper , " though we could have wished it different , yet , altogether , we did not think it fair to stand out any longer , for Charles Hayter was quite wild about it , and Henrietta was pretty near as bad ; and so we thought they had better marry at once , and make the best of it , as many others have done before them .
5 : 21 Thou shalt be hid from the scourge of the tongue : neither shalt thou be afraid of destruction when it cometh .
He does not draw himself , indeed , but he has great pleasure in seeing the performances of other people , and I assure you he is by no means deficient in natural taste , though he has not had opportunities of improving it .
She had not time to know how Mr . Elton took the reproof , so rapidly did another subject succeed ; for Mr . John Knightley now came into the room from examining the weather , and opened on them all with the information of the ground being covered with snow , and of its still snowing fast , with a strong drifting wind ; concluding with these words to Mr . Woodhouse :
30 : 26 Give me my wives and my children , for whom I have served thee , and let me go : for thou knowest my service which I have done thee .
7 : 33 And he took him aside from the multitude , and put his fingers into his ears , and he spit , and touched his tongue ; 7 : 34 And looking up to heaven , he sighed , and saith unto him , Ephphatha , that is , Be opened .
12 : 15 Rejoice with them that do rejoice , and weep with them that weep .
38 : 4 And he made for the altar a brasen grate of network under the compass thereof beneath unto the midst of it .
33 : 1 Manasseh was twelve years old when he began to reign , and he reigned fifty and five years in Jerusalem : 33 : 2 But did that which was evil in the sight of the LORD , like unto the abominations of the heathen , whom the LORD had cast out before the children of Israel .
28 : 37 And thou shalt become an astonishment , a proverb , and a byword , among all nations whither the LORD shall lead thee .
19 : 11 Behold , thou hast heard what the kings of Assyria have done to all lands , by destroying them utterly : and shalt thou be delivered ?
10 : 27 What I tell you in darkness , that speak ye in light : and what ye hear in the ear , that preach ye upon the housetops .
for in one hour is she made desolate .
The connection was certainly a respectable one , and probably gained her consideration among her friends ; and , if nothing more advantageous occurred , it would be better for her to marry YOU than be single ."
" No , no , it is not man ' s nature .
12 : 32 And the scribe said unto him , Well , Master , thou hast said the truth : for there is one God ; and there is none other but he : 12 : 33 And to love him with all the heart , and with all the understanding , and with all the soul , and with all the strength , and to love his neighbour as himself , is more than all whole burnt offerings and sacrifices .
7 : 10 And as Samuel was offering up the burnt offering , the Philistines drew near to battle against Israel : but the LORD thundered with a great thunder on that day upon the Philistines , and discomfited them ; and they were smitten before Israel .
49 : 36 And upon Elam will I bring the four winds from the four quarters of heaven , and will scatter them toward all those winds ; and there shall be no nation whither the outcasts of Elam shall not come .
1 : 12 Then returned they unto Jerusalem from the mount called Olivet , which is from Jerusalem a sabbath day ' s journey .
And I beheld , and lo a black horse ; and he that sat on him had a pair of balances in his hand .
2 : 23 And it came to pass in process of time , that the king of Egypt died : and the children of Israel sighed by reason of the bondage , and they cried , and their cry came up unto God by reason of the bondage .
She cast her eye over it , pondered , caught the meaning , read it through again to be quite certain , and quite mistress of the lines , and then passing it to Harriet , sat happily smiling , and saying to herself , while Harriet was puzzling over the paper in all the confusion of hope and dulness , " Very well , Mr . Elton , very well indeed .
Who is your party ?"
I shall do THAT directly .
11 : 18 And Peleg lived thirty years , and begat Reu : 11 : 19 And Peleg lived after he begat Reu two hundred and nine years , and begat sons and daughters .
I am sorry Mr . and Mrs . Cole should have done it .
And he answered and said , I go , sir : and went not .
13 : 2 I told you before , and foretell you , as if I were present , the second time ; and being absent now I write to them which heretofore have sinned , and to all other , that , if I come again , I will not spare : 13 : 3 Since ye seek a proof of Christ speaking in me , which to you - ward is not weak , but is mighty in you .
25 : 17 And thou shalt make a mercy seat of pure gold : two cubits and a half shall be the length thereof , and a cubit and a half the breadth thereof .
46 : 30 And Israel said unto Joseph , Now let me die , since I have seen thy face , because thou art yet alive .
48 : 4 Because I knew that thou art obstinate , and thy neck is an iron sinew , and thy brow brass ; 48 : 5 I have even from the beginning declared it to thee ; before it came to pass I shewed it thee : lest thou shouldest say , Mine idol hath done them , and my graven image , and my molten image , hath commanded them .
20 : 28 And Thomas answered and said unto him , My LORD and my God .
3 : 6 From the first day of the seventh month began they to offer burnt offerings unto the LORD .
47 : 3 At the noise of the stamping of the hoofs of his strong horses , at the rushing of his chariots , and at the rumbling of his wheels , the fathers shall not look back to their children for feebleness of hands ; 47 : 4 Because of the day that cometh to spoil all the Philistines , and to cut off from Tyrus and Zidon every helper that remaineth : for the LORD will spoil the Philistines , the remnant of the country of Caphtor .
She looked instinctively at Lady Russell ; but not from any mad idea of her recognising him so soon as she did herself .
tell them , Behold , the king of Babylon is come to Jerusalem , and hath taken the king thereof , and the princes thereof , and led them with him to Babylon ; 17 : 13 And hath taken of the king ' s seed , and made a covenant with him , and hath taken an oath of him : he hath also taken the mighty of the land : 17 : 14 That the kingdom might be base , that it might not lift itself up , but that by keeping of his covenant it might stand .
7 : 23 And they truly were many priests , because they were not suffered to continue by reason of death : 7 : 24 But this man , because he continueth ever , hath an unchangeable priesthood .
9 : 14 And Hiram sent to the king sixscore talents of gold .
52 : 28 This is the people whom Nebuchadrezzar carried away captive : in the seventh year three thousand Jews and three and twenty : 52 : 29 In the eighteenth year of Nebuchadrezzar he carried away captive from Jerusalem eight hundred thirty and two persons : 52 : 30 In the three and twentieth year of Nebuchadrezzar Nebuzaradan the captain of the guard carried away captive of the Jews seven hundred forty and five persons : all the persons were four thousand and six hundred .
17 : 12 A glorious high throne from the beginning is the place of our sanctuary .
36 : 31 And these are the kings that reigned in the land of Edom , before there reigned any king over the children of Israel .
Elinor wished very much to ask whether Willoughby were then in town , but she was afraid of giving him pain by any enquiry after his rival ; and at length , by way of saying something , she asked if he had been in London ever since she had seen him last .
Let me plead for my -- present friend I cannot call him , but for my former friend .
47 : 15 Thus shall they be unto thee with whom thou hast laboured , even thy merchants , from thy youth : they shall wander every one to his quarter ; none shall save thee .
he cried , " I wish your father might be half as easily convinced as John will be , of our having every right that equal worth can give , to be happy together .
Why hast thou done this ?
5 : 20 Now then we are ambassadors for Christ , as though God did beseech you by us : we pray you in Christ ' s stead , be ye reconciled to God .
23 : 15 Woe unto you , scribes and Pharisees , hypocrites !
You can slip in from the shrubbery at any time ; and there you will find we keep our umbrellas hanging up by that door .
said he , colouring a little .
Behold , this is the law of the house .
" I am sure Lady Russell would like him .
3 : 12 Thus saith the LORD ; As the shepherd taketh out of the mouth of the lion two legs , or a piece of an ear ; so shall the children of Israel be taken out that dwell in Samaria in the corner of a bed , and in Damascus in a couch .
2 : 6 But one in a certain place testified , saying , What is man , that thou art mindful of him ?
She was vexed .
and I would have given thee ten shekels of silver , and a girdle .
49 : 14 But Zion said , The LORD hath forsaken me , and my Lord hath forgotten me .
" Our amiable young man is a very weak young man , if this be the first occasion of his carrying through a resolution to do right against the will of others .
11 : 3 Should thy lies make men hold their peace ?
8 : 16 The Jews had light , and gladness , and joy , and honour .
Are you acquainted with Mr . Robert Ferrars ?
am not I better to thee than ten sons ?
On that subject poor Miss Bates was very unhappy , and very communicative ; Jane would hardly eat any thing :-- Mr . Perry recommended nourishing food ; but every thing they could command ( and never had any body such good neighbours ) was distasteful .
2 : 43 The Nethinims : the children of Ziha , the children of Hasupha , the children of Tabbaoth , 2 : 44 The children of Keros , the children of Siaha , the children of Padon , 2 : 45 The children of Lebanah , the children of Hagabah , the children of Akkub , 2 : 46 The children of Hagab , the children of Shalmai , the children of Hanan , 2 : 47 The children of Giddel , the children of Gahar , the children of Reaiah , 2 : 48 The children of Rezin , the children of Nekoda , the children of Gazzam , 2 : 49 The children of Uzza , the children of Paseah , the children of Besai , 2 : 50 The children of Asnah , the children of Mehunim , the children of Nephusim , 2 : 51 The children of Bakbuk , the children of Hakupha , the children of Harhur , 2 : 52 The children of Bazluth , the children of Mehida , the children of Harsha , 2 : 53 The children of Barkos , the children of Sisera , the children of Thamah , 2 : 54 The children of Neziah , the children of Hatipha .
" Dating from three o ' clock yesterday .
27 : 20 Hell and destruction are never full ; so the eyes of man are never satisfied .
38 : 1 O lord , rebuke me not in thy wrath : neither chasten me in thy hot displeasure .
40 : 15 Behold , the nations are as a drop of a bucket , and are counted as the small dust of the balance : behold , he taketh up the isles as a very little thing .
worse than cold - hearted !
21 : 13 And he shall take a wife in her virginity .
26 : 23 And he went up from thence to Beersheba .
10 : 10 And in the house his disciples asked him again of the same matter .
6 : 16 But when Herod heard thereof , he said , It is John , whom I beheaded : he is risen from the dead .
It was possible that you might retain the feelings of the past , as I did ; and one encouragement happened to be mine .
We really seem quite the fashion .
" How often did I wish ," added he , " when I was at Allenham this time twelvemonth , that Barton cottage were inhabited !
" And not known to him , perhaps , so soon ."
But first of all , you must tell me the name of the young lady I am going to talk about .
48 : 21 And they thirsted not when he led them through the deserts : he caused the waters to flow out of the rock for them : he clave the rock also , and the waters gushed out .
31 : 19 And do ye abide without the camp seven days : whosoever hath killed any person , and whosoever hath touched any slain , purify both yourselves and your captives on the third day , and on the seventh day .
11 : 2 Then said he unto me , Son of man , these are the men that devise mischief , and give wicked counsel in this city : 11 : 3 Which say , It is not near ; let us build houses : this city is the caldron , and we be the flesh .
8 : 17 So he came near where I stood : and when he came , I was afraid , and fell upon my face : but he said unto me , Understand , O son of man : for at the time of the end shall be the vision .
Till they all come in I shall not be missed ; and when they do , will you have the goodness to say that I am gone ?"
" It is Colonel Brandon !"
1 : 7 And the sons of Aaron the priest shall put fire upon the altar , and lay the wood in order upon the fire : 1 : 8 And the priests , Aaron ' s sons , shall lay the parts , the head , and the fat , in order upon the wood that is on the fire which is upon the altar : 1 : 9 But his inwards and his legs shall he wash in water : and the priest shall burn all on the altar , to be a burnt sacrifice , an offering made by fire , of a sweet savour unto the LORD .
16 : 13 And as David and his men went by the way , Shimei went along on the hill ' s side over against him , and cursed as he went , and threw stones at him , and cast dust .
10 : 11 Out of that land went forth Asshur , and builded Nineveh , and the city Rehoboth , and Calah , 10 : 12 And Resen between Nineveh and Calah : the same is a great city .
8 : 4 And , behold , the glory of the God of Israel was there , according to the vision that I saw in the plain .
how long will ye love vanity , and seek after leasing ?
5 : 9 Wherefore we labour , that , whether present or absent , we may be accepted of him .
5 : 4 What could have been done more to my vineyard , that I have not done in it ?
I was very young , and associated only with the young , and we were a thoughtless , gay set , without any strict rules of conduct .
or thy work , He hath no hands ?
147 : 20 He hath not dealt so with any nation : and as for his judgments , they have not known them .
21 : 9 And Sarah saw the son of Hagar the Egyptian , which she had born unto Abraham , mocking .
11 : 6 And Solomon did evil in the sight of the LORD , and went not fully after the LORD , as did David his father .
" Conjecture -- aye , sometimes one conjectures right , and sometimes one conjectures wrong .
31 : 50 If thou shalt afflict my daughters , or if thou shalt take other wives beside my daughters , no man is with us ; see , God is witness betwixt me and thee .
1 : 2 And he said , The LORD will roar from Zion , and utter his voice from Jerusalem ; and the habitations of the shepherds shall mourn , and the top of Carmel shall wither .
for I bear you record , that , if it had been possible , ye would have plucked out your own eyes , and have given them to me .
18 : 14 And David behaved himself wisely in all his ways ; and the LORD was with him .
snows a little I see ."
Then all the men of Ephraim gathered themselves together , and took the waters unto Bethbarah and Jordan .
This was all sent with the instrument .
3 : 9 But they shall proceed no further : for their folly shall be manifest unto all men , as their ' s also was .
35 : 16 Because the sons of Jonadab the son of Rechab have performed the commandment of their father , which he commanded them ; but this people hath not hearkened unto me : 35 : 17 Therefore thus saith the LORD God of hosts , the God of Israel ; Behold , I will bring upon Judah and upon all the inhabitants of Jerusalem all the evil that I have pronounced against them : because I have spoken unto them , but they have not heard ; and I have called unto them , but they have not answered .
Mrs . Jennings received the refusal with some surprise , and repeated her invitation immediately .
" You and I , Sir John ," said Mrs . Jennings , " should not stand upon such ceremony ."
40 : 49 The length of the porch was twenty cubits , and the breadth eleven cubits , and he brought me by the steps whereby they went up to it : and there were pillars by the posts , one on this side , and another on that side .
I will not reason here -- nor will I stop for YOU to expatiate on the absurdity , and the worse than absurdity , of scrupling to engage my faith where my honour was already bound .
She saw that Enscombe could not satisfy , and that Highbury , taken at its best , might reasonably please a young man who had more retirement at home than he liked .
11 : 4 For if he that cometh preacheth another Jesus , whom we have not preached , or if ye receive another spirit , which ye have not received , or another gospel , which ye have not accepted , ye might well bear with him .
15 : 3 And Samson said concerning them , Now shall I be more blameless than the Philistines , though I do them a displeasure .
Emma divined what every body present must be thinking .
1 : 4 I thank my God always on your behalf , for the grace of God which is given you by Jesus Christ ; 1 : 5 That in every thing ye are enriched by him , in all utterance , and in all knowledge ; 1 : 6 Even as the testimony of Christ was confirmed in you : 1 : 7 So that ye come behind in no gift ; waiting for the coming of our Lord Jesus Christ : 1 : 8 Who shall also confirm you unto the end , that ye may be blameless in the day of our Lord Jesus Christ .
7 : 3 Let the husband render unto the wife due benevolence : and likewise also the wife unto the husband .
-- As she said this , she sunk into a reverie for a few moments ;-- but rousing herself again , " Now , Edward ," said she , calling his attention to the prospect , " here is Barton valley .
Nothing seemed amiss on the side of the Great House family , which was generally , as Anne very well knew , the least to blame .
If I be bereaved of my children , I am bereaved .
31 : 29 For I know that after my death ye will utterly corrupt yourselves , and turn aside from the way which I have commanded you ; and evil will befall you in the latter days ; because ye will do evil in the sight of the LORD , to provoke him to anger through the work of your hands .
The shock of Colonel Brandon ' s errand at Barton had been much softened to Mrs . Dashwood by her own previous alarm ; for so great was her uneasiness about Marianne , that she had already determined to set out for Cleveland on that very day , without waiting for any further intelligence , and had so far settled her journey before his arrival , that the Careys were then expected every moment to fetch Margaret away , as her mother was unwilling to take her where there might be infection .
36 : 1 Now it came to pass in the fourteenth year of king Hezekiah , that Sennacherib king of Assyria came up against all the defenced cities of Judah , and took them .
" Yes .
8 : 13 And Gideon the son of Joash returned from battle before the sun was up , 8 : 14 And caught a young man of the men of Succoth , and enquired of him : and he described unto him the princes of Succoth , and the elders thereof , even threescore and seventeen men .
It was being very deficient ."
4 : 2 And the LORD sold them into the hand of Jabin king of Canaan , that reigned in Hazor ; the captain of whose host was Sisera , which dwelt in Harosheth of the Gentiles .
The regular and best families Emma could hardly suppose they would presume to invite -- neither Donwell , nor Hartfield , nor Randalls .
26 : 17 Then rose up certain of the elders of the land , and spake to all the assembly of the people , saying , 26 : 18 Micah the Morasthite prophesied in the days of Hezekiah king of Judah , and spake to all the people of Judah , saying , Thus saith the LORD of hosts ; Zion shall be plowed like a field , and Jerusalem shall become heaps , and the mountain of the house as the high places of a forest .
8 : 11 Solomon had a vineyard at Baalhamon ; he let out the vineyard unto keepers ; every one for the fruit thereof was to bring a thousand pieces of silver .
6 : 21 But that ye also may know my affairs , and how I do , Tychicus , a beloved brother and faithful minister in the Lord , shall make known to you all things : 6 : 22 Whom I have sent unto you for the same purpose , that ye might know our affairs , and that he might comfort your hearts .
Her looks and words had nothing to restrain them .
."
4 : 7 Now this was the manner in former time in Israel concerning redeeming and concerning changing , for to confirm all things ; a man plucked off his shoe , and gave it to his neighbour : and this was a testimony in Israel .
24 : 26 The sons of Merari were Mahli and Mushi : the sons of Jaaziah ; Beno .
Remember it ?
89 : 34 My covenant will I not break , nor alter the thing that is gone out of my lips .
This is strange indeed , when your eyes have been reproaching them every day for incautiousness ."
4 : 14 And my temptation which was in my flesh ye despised not , nor rejected ; but received me as an angel of God , even as Christ Jesus .
Now , if your friends have any gratitude , they will say something pretty loud about you and me in return ; but I cannot stay to hear it ."
10 : 25 And unto Eber were born two sons : the name of one was Peleg ; for in his days was the earth divided ; and his brother ' s name was Joktan .
45 : 8 All thy garments smell of myrrh , and aloes , and cassia , out of the ivory palaces , whereby they have made thee glad .
44 : 14 But I will make them keepers of the charge of the house , for all the service thereof , and for all that shall be done therein .
6 : 9 Wherefore king Darius signed the writing and the decree .
15 : 35 They conceive mischief , and bring forth vanity , and their belly prepareth deceit .
42 : 13 Then said he unto me , The north chambers and the south chambers , which are before the separate place , they be holy chambers , where the priests that approach unto the LORD shall eat the most holy things : there shall they lay the most holy things , and the meat offering , and the sin offering , and the trespass offering ; for the place is holy .
So he sent him out of the vale of Hebron , and he came to Shechem .
42 : 16 Send one of you , and let him fetch your brother , and ye shall be kept in prison , that your words may be proved , whether there be any truth in you : or else by the life of Pharaoh surely ye are spies .
7 : 6 And God spake on this wise , That his seed should sojourn in a strange land ; and that they should bring them into bondage , and entreat them evil four hundred years .
22 : 25 But if a man find a betrothed damsel in the field , and the man force her , and lie with her : then the man only that lay with her shall die .
Knightley .-- Were this most unequal of all connexions to take place , on her must rest all the reproach of having given it a beginning ; for his attachment , she must believe to be produced only by a consciousness of Harriet ' s ;-- and even were this not the case , he would never have known Harriet at all but for her folly .
We are to walk about your gardens , and gather the strawberries ourselves , and sit under trees ;-- and whatever else you may like to provide , it is to be all out of doors -- a table spread in the shade , you know .
46 : 7 The LORD of hosts is with us ; the God of Jacob is our refuge .
46 : 11 And the sons of Levi ; Gershon , Kohath , and Merari .
Having arranged all these matters , looked them through , and put them all to rights , she was just turning to the house with spirits freshened up for the demands of the two little boys , as well as of their grandpapa , when the great iron sweep - gate opened , and two persons entered whom she had never less expected to see together -- Frank Churchill , with Harriet leaning on his arm -- actually Harriet !-- A moment sufficed to convince her that something extraordinary had happened .
How glad they had been to hear papa invite him to stay dinner , how sorry when he said it was quite out of his power , and how glad again when he had promised in reply to papa and mamma ' s farther pressing invitations to come and dine with them on the morrow -- actually on the morrow ; and he had promised it in so pleasant a manner , as if he felt all the motive of their attention just as he ought .
24 : 9 Lift up your heads , O ye gates ; even lift them up , ye everlasting doors ; and the King of glory shall come in .
35 : 6 If thou sinnest , what doest thou against him ?
Emma saw him only once ; but two or three times every day Harriet was sure _just_ to meet with him , or _just_ to miss him , _just_ to hear his voice , or see his shoulder , _just_ to have something occur to preserve him in her fancy , in all the favouring warmth of surprize and conjecture .
14 : 9 Jesus saith unto him , Have I been so long time with you , and yet hast thou not known me , Philip ?
" Yes , yes , I see you are .
7 : 24 For thou hast confirmed to thyself thy people Israel to be a people unto thee for ever : and thou , LORD , art become their God .
14 : 18 And surely the mountains falling cometh to nought , and the rock is removed out of his place .
These are the families of the Levites according to the house of their fathers .
bring me a penny , that I may see it .
In my Bath life , I have seen such instances of it !
20 : 23 But he perceived their craftiness , and said unto them , Why tempt ye me ?
Oh that I had given up the ghost , and no eye had seen me !
27 : 16 Cursed be he that setteth light by his father or his mother .
Miss Woodhouse , how you do forget !"
5 : 13 And their brethren of the house of their fathers were , Michael , and Meshullam , and Sheba , and Jorai , and Jachan , and Zia , and Heber , seven .
7 : 44 The singers : the children of Asaph , an hundred forty and eight .
-- If he would say so to her at once , in the tone of decision becoming a man , there would be no opposition made to his going ."
3 : 22 And the scribes which came down from Jerusalem said , He hath Beelzebub , and by the prince of the devils casteth he out devils .
23 : 10 Who can count the dust of Jacob , and the number of the fourth part of Israel ?
or , Why talkest thou with her ?
143 : 7 Hear me speedily , O LORD : my spirit faileth : hide not thy face from me , lest I be like unto them that go down into the pit .
18 : 30 They answered and said unto him , If he were not a malefactor , we would not have delivered him up unto thee .
" There is no hurry on my side .
38 : 3 And she conceived , and bare a son ; and he called his name Er .
57 : 18 I have seen his ways , and will heal him : I will lead him also , and restore comforts unto him and to his mourners .
Mr . Frank Churchill was one of the boasts of Highbury , and a lively curiosity to see him prevailed , though the compliment was so little returned that he had never been there in his life .
Sleep , sleep , happy child !
He had even refused one regular invitation to dinner ; and having been found on the occasion by Mr Musgrove with some large books before him , Mr and Mrs Musgrove were sure all could not be right , and talked , with grave faces , of his studying himself to death .
65 : 5 By terrible things in righteousness wilt thou answer us , O God of our salvation ; who art the confidence of all the ends of the earth , and of them that are afar off upon the sea :
22 : 25 For the LORD hath made Jordan a border between us and you , ye children of Reuben and children of Gad ; ye have no part in the LORD : so shall your children make our children cease from fearing the LORD .
3 : 7 Behold his bed , which is Solomon ' s ; threescore valiant men are about it , of the valiant of Israel .
86 : 9 All nations whom thou hast made shall come and worship before thee , O Lord ; and shall glorify thy name .
14 : 25 And when they had preached the word in Perga , they went down into Attalia : 14 : 26 And thence sailed to Antioch , from whence they had been recommended to the grace of God for the work which they fulfilled .
47 : 1 Then Joseph came and told Pharaoh , and said , My father and my brethren , and their flocks , and their herds , and all that they have , are come out of the land of Canaan ; and , behold , they are in the land of Goshen .
10 : 8 And Moses and Aaron were brought again unto Pharaoh : and he said unto them , Go , serve the LORD your God : but who are they that shall go ?
5 : 27 Lo this , we have searched it , so it is ; hear it , and know thou it for thy good .
It was engrossed by the extraordinary silence of her sister and Willoughby on the subject , which they must know to be peculiarly interesting to them all .
44 : 17 All this is come upon us ; yet have we not forgotten thee , neither have we dealt falsely in thy covenant .
12 : 5 And there are differences of administrations , but the same Lord .
18 : 16 And Joab blew the trumpet , and the people returned from pursuing after Israel : for Joab held back the people .
Her manners gave some re - assurance to Edward , and he had courage enough to sit down ; but his embarrassment still exceeded that of the ladies in a proportion , which the case rendered reasonable , though his sex might make it rare ; for his heart had not the indifference of Lucy ' s , nor could his conscience have quite the ease of Elinor ' s .
And now to be sure you will be in no hurry to be gone .
13 : 17 Arise , walk through the land in the length of it and in the breadth of it ; for I will give it unto thee .
19 : 4 And the four and twenty elders and the four beasts fell down and worshipped God that sat on the throne , saying , Amen ; Alleluia .
9 : 30 And some of the sons of the priests made the ointment of the spices .
They went forth , and entered into a ship immediately ; and that night they caught nothing .
Jane will be treated with such regard and kindness !-- It will be nothing but pleasure , a life of pleasure .-- And her salary !-- I really cannot venture to name her salary to you , Miss Woodhouse .
They burst on him , I do not know how , but by some letter or message -- and it was the discovery of what she was doing , of this very project of hers , which determined him to come forward at once , own it all to his uncle , throw himself on his kindness , and , in short , put an end to the miserable state of concealment that had been carrying on so long ."
Arise therefore , and be doing , and the LORD be with thee .
32 : 3 And the eyes of them that see shall not be dim , and the ears of them that hear shall hearken .
132 : 6 Lo , we heard of it at Ephratah : we found it in the fields of the wood .
26 : 3 A whip for the horse , a bridle for the ass , and a rod for the fool ' s back .
2 : 22 And Abner said again to Asahel , Turn thee aside from following me : wherefore should I smite thee to the ground ?
9 : 25 Thus I fell down before the LORD forty days and forty nights , as I fell down at the first ; because the LORD had said he would destroy you .
The tone , the look , with which " Thank God !"
And he cast it into the pot ; and he said , Pour out for the people , that they may eat .
51 : 4 Against thee , thee only , have I sinned , and done this evil in thy sight : that thou mightest be justified when thou speakest , and be clear when thou judgest .
6 : 5 All the days of the vow of his separation there shall no razor come upon his head : until the days be fulfilled , in the which he separateth himself unto the LORD , he shall be holy , and shall let the locks of the hair of his head grow .
But , unfortunately -- in short , if your compassion does not stand my friend --"
He was satisfied of there being no present danger in returning home , but no assurances could convince him that it was safe to stay ; and while the others were variously urging and recommending , Mr . Knightley and Emma settled it in a few brief sentences : thus --
Emma agreed to it , and with a blush of sensibility on Harriet ' s account , which she could not give any sincere explanation of .
" He comes from Mr . Pratt ' s purposely to see us .
She wanted it to be prescribed , and felt as a duty .
And the Lord added to the church daily such as should be saved .
He is brother to Mrs . John Dashwood -- THAT must be recommendation enough to her husband ."
43 : 4 Then will I go unto the altar of God , unto God my exceeding joy : yea , upon the harp will I praise thee , O God my God .
He had been going to call on them .
3 : 28 There is neither Jew nor Greek , there is neither bond nor free , there is neither male nor female : for ye are all one in Christ Jesus .
You will express yourself very properly , I am sure .
" My dear Anne ,-- I make no apology for my silence , because I know how little people think of letters in such a place as Bath .
104 : 33 I will sing unto the LORD as long as I live : I will sing praise to my God while I have my being .
" What should they do without her ?
12 : 2 Thou hast planted them , yea , they have taken root : they grow , yea , they bring forth fruit : thou art near in their mouth , and far from their reins .
24 : 2 Then Saul took three thousand chosen men out of all Israel , and went to seek David and his men upon the rocks of the wild goats .
22 : 13 If any man take a wife , and go in unto her , and hate her , 22 : 14 And give occasions of speech against her , and bring up an evil name upon her , and say , I took this woman , and when I came to her , I found her not a maid : 22 : 15 Then shall the father of the damsel , and her mother , take and bring forth the tokens of the damsel ' s virginity unto the elders of the city in the gate : 22 : 16 And the damsel ' s father shall say unto the elders , I gave my daughter unto this man to wife , and he hateth her ; 22 : 17 And , lo , he hath given occasions of speech against her , saying , I found not thy daughter a maid ; and yet these are the tokens of my daughter ' s virginity .
" I did ," replied Emma , " and they cannot forgive me ."
Then his servant brought her out , and bolted the door after her .
12 : 6 Having yet therefore one son , his wellbeloved , he sent him also last unto them , saying , They will reverence my son .
" Was Mr . Ferrars in the carriage with her ?"
Elinor tried to make a civil answer , though doubting her own success .
Her own spirits improved by change of place and subject , by being removed three miles from Kellynch ; Mary ' s ailments lessened by having a constant companion , and their daily intercourse with the other family , since there was neither superior affection , confidence , nor employment in the cottage , to be interrupted by it , was rather an advantage .
14 : 19 The evil bow before the good ; and the wicked at the gates of the righteous .
Come on a donkey , however , if you prefer it .
15 : 29 The LORD is far from the wicked : but he heareth the prayer of the righteous .
and hath he not given you rest on every side ?
12 : 8 A man shall be commended according to his wisdom : but he that is of a perverse heart shall be despised .
She had the kindest " Good morning , God bless you !"
33 : 32 If thou hast anything to say , answer me : speak , for I desire to justify thee .
" But , however , ONE thing must be considered .
Harriet Smith might think herself not unworthy of being peculiarly , exclusively , passionately loved by Mr . Knightley .
18 : 22 And when he had landed at Caesarea , and gone up , and saluted the church , he went down to Antioch .
106 : 3 Blessed are they that keep judgment , and he that doeth righteousness at all times .
Again they were both silent .
32 : 18 And my people shall dwell in a peaceable habitation , and in sure dwellings , and in quiet resting places ; 32 : 19 When it shall hail , coming down on the forest ; and the city shall be low in a low place .
" But , my dear papa , you are no friend to matrimony ; and therefore why should you be so anxious to pay your respects to a _bride_ ?
She got up to examine them .
25 : 5 Behold even to the moon , and it shineth not ; yea , the stars are not pure in his sight .
" Though with your usual anxiety for our happiness ," said Elinor , " you have been obviating every impediment to the present scheme which occurred to you , there is still one objection which , in my opinion , cannot be so easily removed ."
Elinor was robbed of all presence of mind by such an address , and was unable to say a word .
Mrs Musgrove was good humouredly beginning to express her perfect readiness for the play , if Henrietta and all the others liked it , when Mary eagerly interrupted her by exclaiming --
Emma could not deplore her future absence as any deduction from her own enjoyment .
7 : 40 The children of Immer , a thousand fifty and two .
Anne could not refuse ; but never had she sacrificed to politeness with a more suffering spirit .
" Upon my word ," exclaimed Emma , " you amuse me !
15 : 17 And the king went forth , and all the people after him , and tarried in a place that was far off .
15 : 16 And Caleb said , He that smiteth Kirjathsepher , and taketh it , to him will I give Achsah my daughter to wife .
10 : 11 I am the good shepherd : the good shepherd giveth his life for the sheep .
13 : 14 But when raw flesh appeareth in him , he shall be unclean .
2 : 19 But I trust in the Lord Jesus to send Timotheus shortly unto you , that I also may be of good comfort , when I know your state .
Either because he did not dance himself , or because the plan had been formed without his being consulted , he seemed resolved that it should not interest him , determined against its exciting any present curiosity , or affording him any future amusement .
14 : 23 And the Egyptians pursued , and went in after them to the midst of the sea , even all Pharaoh ' s horses , his chariots , and his horsemen .
44 : 10 Who hath formed a god , or molten a graven image that is profitable for nothing ?
Poor Harriet was in a flutter of spirits which required all the reasonings and soothings and attentions of every kind that Emma could give .
and what is my life , or my father ' s family in Israel , that I should be son in law to the king ?
Should not this be enough for a sailor , who has had no society among women to make him nice ?"
21 : 8 And the other disciples came in a little ship ; ( for they were not far from land , but as it were two hundred cubits ,) dragging the net with fishes .
He was more engaged with Louisa than with Henrietta .
2 : 11 And the children of Israel did evil in the sight of the LORD , and served Baalim : 2 : 12 And they forsook the LORD God of their fathers , which brought them out of the land of Egypt , and followed other gods , of the gods of the people that were round about them , and bowed themselves unto them , and provoked the LORD to anger .
You have already ascertained Mr . Willoughby ' s opinion in almost every matter of importance .
Will you chuse a wife for me ?-- I am sure I should like any body fixed on by you .
So Jonah was exceeding glad of the gourd .
But you shall hear it all .-- When I got to Mr . Palmer ' s , I found Charlotte quite in a fuss about the child .
They came also for a stroll till breakfast was likely to be ready ; but Louisa recollecting , immediately afterwards that she had something to procure at a shop , invited them all to go back with her into the town .
10 : 17 For the LORD your God is God of gods , and Lord of lords , a great God , a mighty , and a terrible , which regardeth not persons , nor taketh reward : 10 : 18 He doth execute the judgment of the fatherless and widow , and loveth the stranger , in giving him food and raiment .
Jane says that Colonel Campbell is a little deaf .
Where is your merit ?
Full of thanks , and full of news , Miss Bates knew not which to give quickest .
I do not know who would ever look at him in the company of the other .
The third day succeeding their knowledge of the particulars , was so fine , so beautiful a Sunday as to draw many to Kensington Gardens , though it was only the second week in March .
43 : 33 And they sat before him , the firstborn according to his birthright , and the youngest according to his youth : and the men marvelled one at another .
He has a wife and family to maintain , and is not to be giving away his time .
3 : 16 And when she came to her mother in law , she said , Who art thou , my daughter ?
And if poor little Anna Weston is to be spoiled , it will be the greatest humanity in you to do as much for her as you have done for me , except falling in love with her when she is thirteen ."
19 : 3 Thou shalt prepare thee a way , and divide the coasts of thy land , which the LORD thy God giveth thee to inherit , into three parts , that every slayer may flee thither .
" The Ibbotsons , were they there ?
34 : 20 In a moment shall they die , and the people shall be troubled at midnight , and pass away : and the mighty shall be taken away without hand .
14 : 10 There are , it may be , so many kinds of voices in the world , and none of them is without signification .
6 : 2 And David arose , and went with all the people that were with him from Baale of Judah , to bring up from thence the ark of God , whose name is called by the name of the LORD of hosts that dwelleth between the cherubims .
16 : 13 And she called the name of the LORD that spake unto her , Thou God seest me : for she said , Have I also here looked after him that seeth me ?
" I am very glad you were well enough , and I hope you had a pleasant party ."
4 : 20 In what place therefore ye hear the sound of the trumpet , resort ye thither unto us : our God shall fight for us .
Sir Walter seemed to admit it as complete apology ; and though Elizabeth could not see the circumstance in quite so favourable a light , she allowed it be a great extenuation .
It spoke such perfect amity .-- He left them immediately afterwards -- gone in a moment .
41 : 13 So he measured the house , an hundred cubits long ; and the separate place , and the building , with the walls thereof , an hundred cubits long ; 41 : 14 Also the breadth of the face of the house , and of the separate place toward the east , an hundred cubits .
and he said unto them , If ye had not plowed with my heifer , ye had not found out my riddle .
29 : 20 Seest thou a man that is hasty in his words ?
A widow Mrs Smith ; and who was her husband ?
17 : 20 And he cried unto the LORD , and said , O LORD my God , hast thou also brought evil upon the widow with whom I sojourn , by slaying her son ?
22 : 66 And as soon as it was day , the elders of the people and the chief priests and the scribes came together , and led him into their council , saying , 22 : 67 Art thou the Christ ?
9 : 1 He cried also in mine ears with a loud voice , saying , Cause them that have charge over the city to draw near , even every man with his destroying weapon in his hand .
8 : 10 And the third angel sounded , and there fell a great star from heaven , burning as it were a lamp , and it fell upon the third part of the rivers , and upon the fountains of waters ; 8 : 11 And the name of the star is called Wormwood : and the third part of the waters became wormwood ; and many men died of the waters , because they were made bitter .
5 : 19 He shall deliver thee in six troubles : yea , in seven there shall no evil touch thee .
7 : 14 Feed thy people with thy rod , the flock of thine heritage , which dwell solitarily in the wood , in the midst of Carmel : let them feed in Bashan and Gilead , as in the days of old .
4 : 10 Then saith Jesus unto him , Get thee hence , Satan : for it is written , Thou shalt worship the Lord thy God , and him only shalt thou serve .
Such a letter could not be read without putting Anne in a glow ; and Mrs Smith , observing the high colour in her face , said --
Poor little creatures , how unhappy she would have made them !"
Poor Mr . Elton !
" I have been a good deal acquainted with him ," replied Mrs Smith , gravely , " but it seems worn out now .
3 : 25 But he that doeth wrong shall receive for the wrong which he hath done : and there is no respect of persons .
40 : 10 And the little chambers of the gate eastward were three on this side , and three on that side ; they three were of one measure : and the posts had one measure on this side and on that side .
Mr . Perry had been to Mrs . Goddard ' s to attend a sick child , and Miss Nash had seen him , and he had told Miss Nash , that as he was coming back yesterday from Clayton Park , he had met Mr . Elton , and found to his great surprize , that Mr . Elton was actually on his road to London , and not meaning to return till the morrow , though it was the whist - club night , which he had been never known to miss before ; and Mr . Perry had remonstrated with him about it , and told him how shabby it was in him , their best player , to absent himself , and tried very much to persuade him to put off his journey only one day ; but it would not do ; Mr . Elton had been determined to go on , and had said in a _very_ _particular_ way indeed , that he was going on business which he would not put off for any inducement in the world ; and something about a very enviable commission , and being the bearer of something exceedingly precious .
15 : 4 And Samson went and caught three hundred foxes , and took firebrands , and turned tail to tail , and put a firebrand in the midst between two tails .
20 : 24 And when Judah came toward the watch tower in the wilderness , they looked unto the multitude , and , behold , they were dead bodies fallen to the earth , and none escaped .
I am persuaded that Mrs . Smith suspects his regard for Marianne , disapproves of it , ( perhaps because she has other views for him ,) and on that account is eager to get him away ;-- and that the business which she sends him off to transact is invented as an excuse to dismiss him .
There was no wound , no blood , no visible bruise ; but her eyes were closed , she breathed not , her face was like death .
8 : 18 Riches and honour are with me ; yea , durable riches and righteousness .
14 : 66 And as Peter was beneath in the palace , there cometh one of the maids of the high priest : 14 : 67 And when she saw Peter warming himself , she looked upon him , and said , And thou also wast with Jesus of Nazareth .
He wanted to know how early he might be admitted to - morrow .
4 : 10 And Moses said unto the LORD , O my LORD , I am not eloquent , neither heretofore , nor since thou hast spoken unto thy servant : but I am slow of speech , and of a slow tongue .
What years of felicity that man , in all human calculation , has before him !-- Assured of the love of such a woman -- the disinterested love , for Jane Fairfax ' s character vouches for her disinterestedness ; every thing in his favour ,-- equality of situation -- I mean , as far as regards society , and all the habits and manners that are important ; equality in every point but one -- and that one , since the purity of her heart is not to be doubted , such as must increase his felicity , for it will be his to bestow the only advantages she wants .-- A man would always wish to give a woman a better home than the one he takes her from ; and he who can do it , where there is no doubt of _her_ regard , must , I think , be the happiest of mortals .-- Frank Churchill is , indeed , the favourite of fortune .
At present , there was nothing to be done for Harriet ; good wishes for the future were all that could yet be possible on Emma ' s side .
But Mrs . Dashwood , trusting to the temperate account of her own disappointment which Elinor had sent her , was led away by the exuberance of her joy to think only of what would increase it .
23 : 34 Then said Jesus , Father , forgive them ; for they know not what they do .
he cried , " you would !
28 : 8 And the curious girdle of the ephod , which is upon it , shall be of the same , according to the work thereof ; even of gold , of blue , and purple , and scarlet , and fine twined linen .
and what shall be the sign of thy coming , and of the end of the world ?
13 : 10 For the stars of heaven and the constellations thereof shall not give their light : the sun shall be darkened in his going forth , and the moon shall not cause her light to shine .
It seemed as if every thing united to promise the most interesting consequences .
1 : 1 Paul , and Silvanus , and Timotheus , unto the church of the Thessalonians which is in God the Father and in the Lord Jesus Christ : Grace be unto you , and peace , from God our Father , and the Lord Jesus Christ .
Mamma says HE was in love with your sister too .-- I assure you it was a great compliment if he was , for he hardly ever falls in love with any body ."
She must see you ."
21 : 3 Now when we had discovered Cyprus , we left it on the left hand , and sailed into Syria , and landed at Tyre : for there the ship was to unlade her burden .
5 : 15 Then the officers of the children of Israel came and cried unto Pharaoh , saying , Wherefore dealest thou thus with thy servants ?
3 : 16 And he said , Thus saith the LORD , Make this valley full of ditches .
24 : 4 He that hath clean hands , and a pure heart ; who hath not lifted up his soul unto vanity , nor sworn deceitfully .
3 : 17 And the one woman said , O my lord , I and this woman dwell in one house ; and I was delivered of a child with her in the house .
( Now Joram had kept Ramothgilead , he and all Israel , because of Hazael king of Syria .
16 : 50 And Aaron returned unto Moses unto the door of the tabernacle of the congregation : and the plague was stayed .
49 : 23 Concerning Damascus .
That ' s right .
1 : 21 And they asked him , What then ?
5 : 11 And I beheld , and I heard the voice of many angels round about the throne and the beasts and the elders : and the number of them was ten thousand times ten thousand , and thousands of thousands ; 5 : 12 Saying with a loud voice , Worthy is the Lamb that was slain to receive power , and riches , and wisdom , and strength , and honour , and glory , and blessing .
" You have given Miss Smith all that she required ," said he ; " you have made her graceful and easy .
One man ' s ways may be as good as another ' s , but we all like our own best .
7 : 17 But as God hath distributed to every man , as the Lord hath called every one , so let him walk .
27 : 3 And the next day we touched at Sidon .
18 : 3 For all nations have drunk of the wine of the wrath of her fornication , and the kings of the earth have committed fornication with her , and the merchants of the earth are waxed rich through the abundance of her delicacies .
4 : 10 And Jabez called on the God of Israel , saying , Oh that thou wouldest bless me indeed , and enlarge my coast , and that thine hand might be with me , and that thou wouldest keep me from evil , that it may not grieve me !
24 : 26 And Joshua wrote these words in the book of the law of God , and took a great stone , and set it up there under an oak , that was by the sanctuary of the LORD .
22 : 20 Deliver my soul from the sword ; my darling from the power of the dog .
He coloured , and stammered out an unintelligible reply .
71 : 16 I will go in the strength of the Lord GOD : I will make mention of thy righteousness , even of thine only .
They were both in ecstasies .
25 : 7 Remember not the sins of my youth , nor my transgressions : according to thy mercy remember thou me for thy goodness ' sake , O LORD .
They could think of no one else .
136 : 5 To him that by wisdom made the heavens : for his mercy endureth for ever .
Had he ever been in the way of learning , I think he would have drawn very well .
" Something so strange !
22 : 5 Thorns and snares are in the way of the froward : he that doth keep his soul shall be far from them .
14 : 25 And all they of the land came to a wood ; and there was honey upon the ground .
And he said , Say on .
5 : 17 All these were reckoned by genealogies in the days of Jotham king of Judah , and in the days of Jeroboam king of Israel .
10 : 20 This is the living creature that I saw under the God of Israel by the river of Chebar ; and I knew that they were the cherubims .
16 : 37 So he left there before the ark of the covenant of the LORD Asaph and his brethren , to minister before the ark continually , as every day ' s work required : 16 : 38 And Obededom with their brethren , threescore and eight ; Obededom also the son of Jeduthun and Hosah to be porters : 16 : 39 And Zadok the priest , and his brethren the priests , before the tabernacle of the LORD in the high place that was at Gibeon , 16 : 40 To offer burnt offerings unto the LORD upon the altar of the burnt offering continually morning and evening , and to do according to all that is written in the law of the LORD , which he commanded Israel ; 16 : 41 And with them Heman and Jeduthun , and the rest that were chosen , who were expressed by name , to give thanks to the LORD , because his mercy endureth for ever ; 16 : 42 And with them Heman and Jeduthun with trumpets and cymbals for those that should make a sound , and with musical instruments of God .
15 : 3 And being brought on their way by the church , they passed through Phenice and Samaria , declaring the conversion of the Gentiles : and they caused great joy unto all the brethren .
There had been a time , Mrs Smith told her , when her spirits had nearly failed .
One wonders how the names of many of our nobility become so common ."
But it shall be regulated , it shall be checked by religion , by reason , by constant employment ."
13 : 23 And they came unto the brook of Eshcol , and cut down from thence a branch with one cluster of grapes , and they bare it between two upon a staff ; and they brought of the pomegranates , and of the figs .
with all her reasoning , she found , that to retentive feelings eight years may be little more than nothing .
19 : 14 And Hezekiah received the letter of the hand of the messengers , and read it : and Hezekiah went up into the house of the LORD , and spread it before the LORD .
It was no longer in Emma ' s power to superintend his happiness or quicken his measures .
" Being my friend ' s , I have no right to expose it in any degree to the public eye , but perhaps you may not dislike looking at it ."
3 : 18 In that day the Lord will take away the bravery of their tinkling ornaments about their feet , and their cauls , and their round tires like the moon , 3 : 19 The chains , and the bracelets , and the mufflers , 3 : 20 The bonnets , and the ornaments of the legs , and the headbands , and the tablets , and the earrings , 3 : 21 The rings , and nose jewels , 3 : 22 The changeable suits of apparel , and the mantles , and the wimples , and the crisping pins , 3 : 23 The glasses , and the fine linen , and the hoods , and the vails .
--" The best of all .
knowing that it was the Lord .
115 : 13 He will bless them that fear the LORD , both small and great .
come they not hence , even of your lusts that war in your members ?
26 : 12 For in that she hath poured this ointment on my body , she did it for my burial .
Here he stopped to be thanked ; which being done , he went on .
" News !
Miss Woodhouse , the comfort of being sometimes alone !"
" But how shall we prove anything ?"
24 : 47 Verily I say unto you , That he shall make him ruler over all his goods .
I should be as ready to acknowledge his merits as any other man ; but I hear of none , except what are merely personal ; that he is well - grown and good - looking , with smooth , plausible manners ."
16 : 28 So Omri slept with his fathers , and was buried in Samaria : and Ahab his son reigned in his stead .
13 : 3 And Moses by the commandment of the LORD sent them from the wilderness of Paran : all those men were heads of the children of Israel .
24 : 34 And he said , I am Abraham ' s servant .
5 : 15 As he came forth of his mother ' s womb , naked shall he return to go as he came , and shall take nothing of his labour , which he may carry away in his hand .
23 : 17 And he said unto him , Fear not : for the hand of Saul my father shall not find thee ; and thou shalt be king over Israel , and I shall be next unto thee ; and that also Saul my father knoweth .
23 : 15 And ye shall count unto you from the morrow after the sabbath , from the day that ye brought the sheaf of the wave offering ; seven sabbaths shall be complete : 23 : 16 Even unto the morrow after the seventh sabbath shall ye number fifty days ; and ye shall offer a new meat offering unto the LORD .
For without the law sin was dead .
A glance or two between him and his wife , convinced him that all was as right as this speech proclaimed ; and its happy effect on his spirits was immediate .
My father depends on it .
Some change of countenance was necessary for each gentleman as they walked into Mrs . Weston ' s drawing - room ;-- Mr . Elton must compose his joyous looks , and Mr . John Knightley disperse his ill - humour .
" Good heavens !"
Quick and decided in her ways , Emma lost no time in inviting , encouraging , and telling her to come very often ; and as their acquaintance increased , so did their satisfaction in each other .
They were a family of the name of Martin , whom Emma well knew by character , as renting a large farm of Mr . Knightley , and residing in the parish of Donwell -- very creditably , she believed -- she knew Mr . Knightley thought highly of them -- but they must be coarse and unpolished , and very unfit to be the intimates of a girl who wanted only a little more knowledge and elegance to be quite perfect .
Mrs Musgrove was giving Mrs Croft the history of her eldest daughter ' s engagement , and just in that inconvenient tone of voice which was perfectly audible while it pretended to be a whisper .
You are not serious ?
4 : 26 And whereas they commanded to leave the stump of the tree roots ; thy kingdom shall be sure unto thee , after that thou shalt have known that the heavens do rule .
7 : 28 And the LORD spake unto Moses , saying , 7 : 29 Speak unto the children of Israel , saying , He that offereth the sacrifice of his peace offerings unto the LORD shall bring his oblation unto the LORD of the sacrifice of his peace offerings .
" Why , to be sure ," said he , seeming to recollect himself , " people have little , have very little in their power .
Three thousand pounds !
6 : 18 And the Nazarite shall shave the head of his separation at the door of the tabernacle of the congregation , and shall take the hair of the head of his separation , and put it in the fire which is under the sacrifice of the peace offerings .
19 : 4 And be it indeed that I have erred , mine error remaineth with myself .
It was merely a blind to conceal his real situation with another .-- It was his object to blind all about him ; and no one , I am sure , could be more effectually blinded than myself -- except that I was _not_ blinded -- that it was my good fortune -- that , in short , I was somehow or other safe from him ."
She was stronger alone , and her own good sense so well supported her , that her firmness was as unshaken , her appearance of cheerfulness as invariable , as with regrets so poignant and so fresh , it was possible for them to be .
5 : 1 Hear ye this , O priests ; and hearken , ye house of Israel ; and give ye ear , O house of the king ; for judgment is toward you , because ye have been a snare on Mizpah , and a net spread upon Tabor .
As he became rational , he ought to have roused himself and shaken off all that was unworthy in their authority .
And Samson said unto them , Swear unto me , that ye will not fall upon me yourselves .
1 : 59 And it came to pass , that on the eighth day they came to circumcise the child ; and they called him Zacharias , after the name of his father .
14 : 2 For thou art an holy people unto the LORD thy God , and the LORD hath chosen thee to be a peculiar people unto himself , above all the nations that are upon the earth .
31 : 27 For I know thy rebellion , and thy stiff neck : behold , while I am yet alive with you this day , ye have been rebellious against the LORD ; and how much more after my death ?
I never could have an idea of any body else -- and so I thought you knew .
3 : 16 So then because thou art lukewarm , and neither cold nor hot , I will spue thee out of my mouth .
Why was it ?
17 : 8 Now Manasseh had the land of Tappuah : but Tappuah on the border of Manasseh belonged to the children of Ephraim ; 17 : 9 And the coast descended unto the river Kanah , southward of the river : these cities of Ephraim are among the cities of Manasseh : the coast of Manasseh also was on the north side of the river , and the outgoings of it were at the sea : 17 : 10 Southward it was Ephraim ' s , and northward it was Manasseh ' s , and the sea is his border ; and they met together in Asher on the north , and in Issachar on the east .
30 : 32 If thou hast done foolishly in lifting up thyself , or if thou hast thought evil , lay thine hand upon thy mouth .
What ever she might feel of brighter hope , she betrayed nothing .
I was glad you made her play so much , for having no instrument at her grandmother ' s , it must have been a real indulgence ."
32 : 2 Then was kindled the wrath of Elihu the son of Barachel the Buzite , of the kindred of Ram : against Job was his wrath kindled , because he justified himself rather than God .
I never can be blameless .
10 : 31 The mouth of the just bringeth forth wisdom : but the froward tongue shall be cut out .
Then said the LORD , Behold , I will set a plumbline in the midst of my people Israel : I will not again pass by them any more : 7 : 9 And the high places of Isaac shall be desolate , and the sanctuaries of Israel shall be laid waste ; and I will rise against the house of Jeroboam with the sword .
She was mortified , shocked , confounded .
13 : 9 And Saul said , Bring hither a burnt offering to me , and peace offerings .
1 : 45 And when Jobab was dead , Husham of the land of the Temanites reigned in his stead .
27 : 8 And thou shalt write upon the stones all the words of this law very plainly .
26 : 10 And thou shalt make fifty loops on the edge of the one curtain that is outmost in the coupling , and fifty loops in the edge of the curtain which coupleth the second .
1 : 41 He first findeth his own brother Simon , and saith unto him , We have found the Messias , which is , being interpreted , the Christ .
26 : 6 Then answered David and said to Ahimelech the Hittite , and to Abishai the son of Zeruiah , brother to Joab , saying , Who will go down with me to Saul to the camp ?
5 : 3 And she said unto her mistress , Would God my lord were with the prophet that is in Samaria !
3 : 6 Then Peter said , Silver and gold have I none ; but such as I have give I thee : In the name of Jesus Christ of Nazareth rise up and walk .
22 : 24 But the angel of the LORD stood in a path of the vineyards , a wall being on this side , and a wall on that side .
" I should be undeserving of the confidence you have honoured me with , if I felt no desire for its continuance , or no farther curiosity on its subject .
9 : 31 And he sent messengers unto Abimelech privily , saying , Behold , Gaal the son of Ebed and his brethren be come to Shechem ; and , behold , they fortify the city against thee .
He stopt at their gate .
63 : 18 The people of thy holiness have possessed it but a little while : our adversaries have trodden down thy sanctuary .
18 : 4 He teareth himself in his anger : shall the earth be forsaken for thee ?
26 : 22 And they were exceeding sorrowful , and began every one of them to say unto him , Lord , is it I ?
20 : 8 Remember the sabbath day , to keep it holy .
Nothing should separate her from her father .
24 : 26 And these are they that conspired against him ; Zabad the son of Shimeath an Ammonitess , and Jehozabad the son of Shimrith a Moabitess .
You need not be prompted to write with the appearance of sorrow for his disappointment ."
Would either of them only have given her a full and minute account of the whole affair between Marianne and Mr . Willoughby , she would have thought herself amply rewarded for the sacrifice of the best place by the fire after dinner , which their arrival occasioned .
6 : 30 And Moses said before the LORD , Behold , I am of uncircumcised lips , and how shall Pharaoh hearken unto me ?
65 : 8 They also that dwell in the uttermost parts are afraid at thy tokens : thou makest the outgoings of the morning and evening to rejoice .
71 : 18 Now also when I am old and greyheaded , O God , forsake me not ; until I have shewed thy strength unto this generation , and thy power to every one that is to come .
" Do come , Anne " cried Mary , " come and look yourself .
" So far as that it relates to Mr . Frank Churchill , I do guess ."
" I cannot name a day ," said he , " till I have spoken to some others whom I would wish to meet you ."
71 : 19 Thy righteousness also , O God , is very high , who hast done great things : O God , who is like unto thee !
" But indeed you must and shall come .
50 : 1 The mighty God , even the LORD , hath spoken , and called the earth from the rising of the sun unto the going down thereof .
A few days had made a change indeed !
Lady Russell and Mrs Croft were very well pleased with each other : but the acquaintance which this visit began was fated not to proceed far at present ; for when it was returned , the Crofts announced themselves to be going away for a few weeks , to visit their connexions in the north of the county , and probably might not be at home again before Lady Russell would be removing to Bath .
cried Margaret , " how happy I should be !
28 : 6 And they shall make the ephod of gold , of blue , and of purple , of scarlet , and fine twined linen , with cunning work .
5 : 42 And daily in the temple , and in every house , they ceased not to teach and preach Jesus Christ .
8 : 18 Now as he was speaking with me , I was in a deep sleep on my face toward the ground : but he touched me , and set me upright .
" She had seemed to recommend and praise him !"
4 : 9 Be afflicted , and mourn , and weep : let your laughter be turned to mourning , and your joy to heaviness .
cried Mr . John Knightley , hearing his own name .
21 : 25 And Abraham reproved Abimelech because of a well of water , which Abimelech ' s servants had violently taken away .
Emma , in the meanwhile , could not be satisfied without a dinner at Hartfield for the Eltons .
for then would I fly away , and be at rest .
And he answered , I do hear .
Charles , my dear ," ( beckoning him to her ), " do ask Captain Wentworth where it was he first met with your poor brother .
29 : 11 My sons , be not now negligent : for the LORD hath chosen you to stand before him , to serve him , and that ye should minister unto him , and burn incense .
" If you are very kind ," said he , " it will be one of the waltzes we danced last night ;-- let me live them over again .
He was particularly grave the whole morning .
She began almost to feel a dislike of Edward ; and it ended , as every feeling must end with her , by carrying back her thoughts to Willoughby , whose manners formed a contrast sufficiently striking to those of his brother elect .
50 : 3 Our God shall come , and shall not keep silence : a fire shall devour before him , and it shall be very tempestuous round about him .
I left you in this belief ; and yet , I was determined to see you again .
" I believe it is very true , my dear , indeed ," said Mr . Woodhouse , with a sigh .
However , as they are so very desirous to have dear Emma dine with them , and as you will both be there , and Mr . Knightley too , to take care of her , I cannot wish to prevent it , provided the weather be what it ought , neither damp , nor cold , nor windy ."
" Now , my dear , I bring you something that I am sure will do you good ."
49 : 5 Simeon and Levi are brethren ; instruments of cruelty are in their habitations .
continued Mrs . Palmer --" then it must be some other place that is so pretty I suppose ."
said she , beginning again when they were all in the street .
He said , Yea .
But you may be assured that I would not sacrifice one sentiment of local attachment of yours , or of any one whom I loved , for all the improvements in the world .
" To be sure -- our discordancies must always arise from my being in the wrong ."
12 : 9 For ye are not as yet come to the rest and to the inheritance , which the LORD your God giveth you .
19 : 16 And it came to pass on the third day in the morning , that there were thunders and lightnings , and a thick cloud upon the mount , and the voice of the trumpet exceeding loud ; so that all the people that was in the camp trembled .
21 : 3 Now therefore what is under thine hand ?
They walked off , followed in half a minute by Mr . Knightley .
good I am sure .-- I see it in your countenance .
3 : 16 And moreover I saw under the sun the place of judgment , that wickedness was there ; and the place of righteousness , that iniquity was there .
142 : 4 I looked on my right hand , and beheld , but there was no man that would know me : refuge failed me ; no man cared for my soul .
They secure an introduction .
3 : 3 Whose adorning let it not be that outward adorning of plaiting the hair , and of wearing of gold , or of putting on of apparel ; 3 : 4 But let it be the hidden man of the heart , in that which is not corruptible , even the ornament of a meek and quiet spirit , which is in the sight of God of great price .
18 : 6 None of you shall approach to any that is near of kin to him , to uncover their nakedness : I am the LORD .
Surely this also is vanity and vexation of spirit .
" But it is in Somersetshire .-- I cannot go into Somersetshire .-- There , where I looked forward to going ... No , Elinor , you cannot expect me to go there ."
this same shall reign over my people .
11 : 15 And the seventh angel sounded ; and there were great voices in heaven , saying , The kingdoms of this world are become the kingdoms of our Lord , and of his Christ ; and he shall reign for ever and ever .
15 : 13 And there came a messenger to David , saying , The hearts of the men of Israel are after Absalom .
14 : 28 But if there be no interpreter , let him keep silence in the church ; and let him speak to himself , and to God .
And no apology left , no message for me .
` You _must_ _all_ spend your evening with us ,' said she --` I positively must have you _all_ come .'"
for ye shall speak into the air .
for the devil is come down unto you , having great wrath , because he knoweth that he hath but a short time .
In what state the affair stood at present between them , Edward knew not , for no communication with any of his family had yet been attempted by him .
6 : 13 Now for a recompence in the same , ( I speak as unto my children ,) be ye also enlarged .
15 : 14 What is man , that he should be clean ?
If he said , Nay ; 12 : 6 Then said they unto him , Say now Shibboleth : and he said Sibboleth : for he could not frame to pronounce it right .
13 : 14 And it shall be when thy son asketh thee in time to come , saying , What is this ?
The Epistle of Paul the Apostle to Philemon
2 : 6 But this thou hast , that thou hatest the deeds of the Nicolaitanes , which I also hate .
44 : 13 The carpenter stretcheth out his rule ; he marketh it out with a line ; he fitteth it with planes , and he marketh it out with the compass , and maketh it after the figure of a man , according to the beauty of a man ; that it may remain in the house .
3 : 12 And next unto him repaired Shallum the son of Halohesh , the ruler of the half part of Jerusalem , he and his daughters .
29 : 5 And thou shalt take the garments , and put upon Aaron the coat , and the robe of the ephod , and the ephod , and the breastplate , and gird him with the curious girdle of the ephod : 29 : 6 And thou shalt put the mitre upon his head , and put the holy crown upon the mitre .
33 : 14 And they removed from Alush , and encamped at Rephidim , where was no water for the people to drink .
He was wishing to get the better of his attachment to herself , she just recovering from her mania for Mr . Elton .
The Book of Ruth
7 : 14 For the unbelieving husband is sanctified by the wife , and the unbelieving wife is sanctified by the husband : else were your children unclean ; but now are they holy .
--" At a watering - place , or in a common London acquaintance , it was difficult to decide on such points .
Mrs . Jennings , Lady Middleton ' s mother , was a good - humoured , merry , fat , elderly woman , who talked a great deal , seemed very happy , and rather vulgar .
3 : 9 For what thanks can we render to God again for you , for all the joy wherewith we joy for your sakes before our God ; 3 : 10 Night and day praying exceedingly that we might see your face , and might perfect that which is lacking in your faith ?
24 : 30 And it came to pass , as he sat at meat with them , he took bread , and blessed it , and brake , and gave to them .
4 : 13 Neither is there any creature that is not manifest in his sight : but all things are naked and opened unto the eyes of him with whom we have to do .
Can it be woman ?
After a short pause , Mr Shepherd presumed to say --
If we CAN but put Willoughby out of her head !"
89 : 49 Lord , where are thy former lovingkindnesses , which thou swarest unto David in thy truth ?
139 : 4 For there is not a word in my tongue , but , lo , O LORD , thou knowest it altogether .
4 : 7 But we have this treasure in earthen vessels , that the excellency of the power may be of God , and not of us .
16 : 53 When I shall bring again their captivity , the captivity of Sodom and her daughters , and the captivity of Samaria and her daughters , then will I bring again the captivity of thy captives in the midst of them : 16 : 54 That thou mayest bear thine own shame , and mayest be confounded in all that thou hast done , in that thou art a comfort unto them .
24 : 36 And Sarah my master ' s wife bare a son to my master when she was old : and unto him hath he given all that he hath .
To retreat was impossible .
2 : 24 Let that therefore abide in you , which ye have heard from the beginning .
26 : 36 And thou shalt make an hanging for the door of the tent , of blue , and purple , and scarlet , and fine twined linen , wrought with needlework .
16 : 10 And she went and told them that had been with him , as they mourned and wept .
We were always glad to see him at Hartfield ."
35 : 23 Stir up thyself , and awake to my judgment , even unto my cause , my God and my Lord .
Upon my word , Jane on one arm , and me on the other !-- Stop , stop , let us stand a little back , Mrs . Elton is going ; dear Mrs . Elton , how elegant she looks !-- Beautiful lace !-- Now we all follow in her train .
45 : 14 She shall be brought unto the king in raiment of needlework : the virgins her companions that follow her shall be brought unto thee .
22 : 55 And when they had kindled a fire in the midst of the hall , and were set down together , Peter sat down among them .
21 : 14 A gift in secret pacifieth anger : and a reward in the bosom strong wrath .
Lady Russell , indeed , had scarcely any influence with Elizabeth , and seemed to love her , rather because she would love her , than because Elizabeth deserved it .
You are your mother ' s self in countenance and disposition ; and if I might be allowed to fancy you such as she was , in situation and name , and home , presiding and blessing in the same spot , and only superior to her in being more highly valued !
wherefore have we afflicted our soul , and thou takest no knowledge ?
5 : 9 Then asked we those elders , and said unto them thus , Who commanded you to build this house , and to make up these walls ?
8 : 7 For my mouth shall speak truth ; and wickedness is an abomination to my lips .
22 : 11 And the angel of the LORD called unto him out of heaven , and said , Abraham , Abraham : and he said , Here am I .
It had been the effect of over - persuasion .
25 : 55 For unto me the children of Israel are servants ; they are my servants whom I brought forth out of the land of Egypt : I am the LORD your God .
55 : 10 For as the rain cometh down , and the snow from heaven , and returneth not thither , but watereth the earth , and maketh it bring forth and bud , that it may give seed to the sower , and bread to the eater : 55 : 11 So shall my word be that goeth forth out of my mouth : it shall not return unto me void , but it shall accomplish that which I please , and it shall prosper in the thing whereto I sent it .
I dare say Mr . Knightley will be so kind as to meet him ."
6 : 18 Then the king went to his palace , and passed the night fasting : neither were instruments of musick brought before him : and his sleep went from him .
11 : 29 Who is weak , and I am not weak ?
and there was a Mrs Wallis , at present known only to them by description , as she was in daily expectation of her confinement ; but Mr Elliot spoke of her as " a most charming woman , quite worthy of being known in Camden Place ," and as soon as she recovered they were to be acquainted .
26 : 19 These are the divisions of the porters among the sons of Kore , and among the sons of Merari .
44 : 31 The priests shall not eat of any thing that is dead of itself , or torn , whether it be fowl or beast .
" No , ma ' am , he did not mention no particular family ; but he said his master was a very rich gentleman , and would be a baronight some day ."
--
However this morning he came just as we came home from church ; and then it all came out , how he had been sent for Wednesday to Harley Street , and been talked to by his mother and all of them , and how he had declared before them all that he loved nobody but Lucy , and nobody but Lucy would he have .
15 : 33 And Samuel said , As the sword hath made women childless , so shall thy mother be childless among women .
Lady Middleton , though in the middle of a rubber , on being informed that Marianne was unwell , was too polite to object for a moment to her wish of going away , and making over her cards to a friend , they departed as soon the carriage could be found .
She would keep the peace if possible ; and there was something honourable and valuable in the strong domestic habits , the all - sufficiency of home to himself , whence resulted her brother ' s disposition to look down on the common rate of social intercourse , and those to whom it was important .-- It had a high claim to forbearance .
Emma soon recollected , and understood him ; and while she joined in the laugh , it was evident from Jane ' s countenance that she too was really hearing him , though trying to seem deaf .
Jane Fairfax had already quitted Highbury , and was restored to the comforts of her beloved home with the Campbells .-- The Mr . Churchills were also in town ; and they were only waiting for November .
27 : 15 The men of Dedan were thy merchants ; many isles were the merchandise of thine hand : they brought thee for a present horns of ivory and ebony .
cried he .
24 : 33 And there was set meat before him to eat : but he said , I will not eat , until I have told mine errand .
CHAPTER 23
20 : 3 Peter therefore went forth , and that other disciple , and came to the sepulchre .
And Paul said , But I was free born .
I cannot at all consent to Mr . Knightley ' s marrying ; and I am sure it is not at all likely .
It was a good scheme ; but on driving to the door they heard that neither " master nor mistress was at home ;" they had both been out some time ; the man believed they were gone to Hartfield .
and whose spirit came from thee ?
He was not calm ; his spirits were evidently fluttered ; there was restlessness about him .
She could hardly determine what her own expectation of its event really was ; though she earnestly tried to drive away the notion of its being possible to end otherwise at last , than in the marriage of Edward and Lucy .
26 : 3 How hast thou counselled him that hath no wisdom ?
27 : 3 And thy estimation shall be of the male from twenty years old even unto sixty years old , even thy estimation shall be fifty shekels of silver , after the shekel of the sanctuary .
20 : 4 And it came to pass , afore Isaiah was gone out into the middle court , that the word of the LORD came to him , saying , 20 : 5 Turn again , and tell Hezekiah the captain of my people , Thus saith the LORD , the God of David thy father , I have heard thy prayer , I have seen thy tears : behold , I will heal thee : on the third day thou shalt go up unto the house of the LORD .
15 : 6 And the apostles and elders came together for to consider of this matter .
18 : 46 And the hand of the LORD was on Elijah ; and he girded up his loins , and ran before Ahab to the entrance of Jezreel .
She was too completely overpowered to be immediately able to reply : and two moments of silence being ample encouragement for Mr . Elton ' s sanguine state of mind , he tried to take her hand again , as he joyously exclaimed --
3 : 19 Repent ye therefore , and be converted , that your sins may be blotted out , when the times of refreshing shall come from the presence of the Lord .
And they answered , Samson , the son in law of the Timnite , because he had taken his wife , and given her to his companion .
" Wentworth ?
22 : 24 Then shalt thou lay up gold as dust , and the gold of Ophir as the stones of the brooks .
" I will not ask your opinion of it as a composition ," said Edward .--" For worlds would not I have had a letter of hers seen by YOU in former days .-- In a sister it is bad enough , but in a wife !-- how I have blushed over the pages of her writing !-- and I believe I may say that since the first half year of our foolish -- business -- this is the only letter I ever received from her , of which the substance made me any amends for the defect of the style ."
I think it is the state of mind which gives most spirit and delight .
14 : 29 Now the rest of the acts of Rehoboam , and all that he did , are they not written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Judah ?
46 : 3 And he said , I am God , the God of thy father : fear not to go down into Egypt ; for I will there make of thee a great nation : 46 : 4 I will go down with thee into Egypt ; and I will also surely bring thee up again : and Joseph shall put his hand upon thine eyes .
16 : 16 Let our lord now command thy servants , which are before thee , to seek out a man , who is a cunning player on an harp : and it shall come to pass , when the evil spirit from God is upon thee , that he shall play with his hand , and thou shalt be well .
38 : 8 And he made the laver of brass , and the foot of it of brass , of the lookingglasses of the women assembling , which assembled at the door of the tabernacle of the congregation .
12 : 25 And it shall come to pass , when ye be come to the land which the LORD will give you , according as he hath promised , that ye shall keep this service .
23 : 1 Now these be the last words of David .
22 : 21 I spake unto thee in thy prosperity ; but thou saidst , I will not hear .
146 : 3 Put not your trust in princes , nor in the son of man , in whom there is no help .
It was a sad event -- a great shock -- with all her faults , what would Mr . Churchill do without her ?
20 : 25 The other disciples therefore said unto him , We have seen the LORD .
4 : 17 They which builded on the wall , and they that bare burdens , with those that laded , every one with one of his hands wrought in the work , and with the other hand held a weapon .
63 : 5 And I looked , and there was none to help ; and I wondered that there was none to uphold : therefore mine own arm brought salvation unto me ; and my fury , it upheld me .
His collar - bone was found to be dislocated , and such injury received in the back , as roused the most alarming ideas .
33 : 22 Let thy mercy , O LORD , be upon us , according as we hope in thee .
22 : 52 Then Jesus said unto the chief priests , and captains of the temple , and the elders , which were come to him , Be ye come out , as against a thief , with swords and staves ?
Surprizes are foolish things .
" This is beyond every thing !"
21 : 4 If his master have given him a wife , and she have born him sons or daughters ; the wife and her children shall be her master ' s , and he shall go out by himself .
33 : 8 Let all the earth fear the LORD : let all the inhabitants of the world stand in awe of him .
I have not caused thee to serve with an offering , nor wearied thee with incense .
16 : 10 And it came to pass , as Aaron spake unto the whole congregation of the children of Israel , that they looked toward the wilderness , and , behold , the glory of the LORD appeared in the cloud .
and why art thou disquieted in me ?
23 : 18 And her merchandise and her hire shall be holiness to the LORD : it shall not be treasured nor laid up ; for her merchandise shall be for them that dwell before the LORD , to eat sufficiently , and for durable clothing .
" I could see it in his face .
taking a last look at the picture , as they began to be in motion .
8 : 10 And Joshua rose up early in the morning , and numbered the people , and went up , he and the elders of Israel , before the people to Ai .
9 : 7 Of the increase of his government and peace there shall be no end , upon the throne of David , and upon his kingdom , to order it , and to establish it with judgment and with justice from henceforth even for ever .
" You consider the matter ," said Elinor , " exactly as a good mind and a sound understanding must consider it ; and I dare say you perceive , as well as myself , not only in this , but in many other circumstances , reason enough to be convinced that your marriage must have involved you in many certain troubles and disappointments , in which you would have been poorly supported by an affection , on his side , much less certain .
He could refer Sir Walter to all who knew him ; and certainly , the pains he had been taking on this , the first opportunity of reconciliation , to be restored to the footing of a relation and heir - presumptive , was a strong proof of his opinions on the subject .
14 : 15 They smote also the tents of cattle , and carried away sheep and camels in abundance , and returned to Jerusalem .
12 : 26 And Jeroboam said in his heart , Now shall the kingdom return to the house of David : 12 : 27 If this people go up to do sacrifice in the house of the LORD at Jerusalem , then shall the heart of this people turn again unto their lord , even unto Rehoboam king of Judah , and they shall kill me , and go again to Rehoboam king of Judah .
7 : 14 And of it he shall offer one out of the whole oblation for an heave offering unto the LORD , and it shall be the priest ' s that sprinkleth the blood of the peace offerings .
and " John , how are you ?"
7 : 1 How beautiful are thy feet with shoes , O prince ' s daughter !
17 : 2 The cities of Aroer are forsaken : they shall be for flocks , which shall lie down , and none shall make them afraid .
On Monday evening , my good friend Mrs Rooke let me thus much into the secrets of Marlborough Buildings .
" Ah !
7 : 16 I loathe it ; I would not live alway : let me alone ; for my days are vanity .
" Not the least in the world .-- Did he ever give you any thing ?"
30 : 24 Howbeit he will not stretch out his hand to the grave , though they cry in his destruction .
What answer did you give him ?-- Did you allow him to hope ?"
With all my soul I wish them happy , and rejoice over every circumstance in favour of it .
Nay , I had not known sin , but by the law : for I had not known lust , except the law had said , Thou shalt not covet .
She was silent .-- Elinor ' s security sunk ; but her self - command did not sink with it .
10 : 10 And , behold , an hand touched me , which set me upon my knees and upon the palms of my hands .
18 : 9 And the men went and passed through the land , and described it by cities into seven parts in a book , and came again to Joshua to the host at Shiloh .
There is health , not merely in her bloom , but in her air , her head , her glance .
4 : 49 The nobleman saith unto him , Sir , come down ere my child die .
cried Marianne , with strong surprise .
Mr . and Mrs . Elton , indeed , shewed no unwillingness to mix , and be as agreeable as they could ; but during the two whole hours that were spent on the hill , there seemed a principle of separation , between the other parties , too strong for any fine prospects , or any cold collation , or any cheerful Mr . Weston , to remove .
And Jane Fairfax , too , of all women !"
for the end of those things is death .
2 : 8 And he took him a potsherd to scrape himself withal ; and he sat down among the ashes .
Is she said to be amiable ?"
" You are never like me , dear Elinor , or I should wonder at your composure now .
The daughters of Mne Seraphim led round their sunny flocks , All but the youngest : she in paleness sought the secret air .
20 : 30 Also of your own selves shall men arise , speaking perverse things , to draw away disciples after them .
Take a box for to - morrow night !
16 : 7 I have caused thee to multiply as the bud of the field , and thou hast increased and waxen great , and thou art come to excellent ornaments : thy breasts are fashioned , and thine hair is grown , whereas thou wast naked and bare .
20 : 31 And Jehoshaphat reigned over Judah : he was thirty and five years old when he began to reign , and he reigned twenty and five years in Jerusalem .
Common sense would have directed her to tell Harriet , that she must not allow herself to think of him , and that there were five hundred chances to one against his ever caring for her .--" But , with common sense ," she added , " I am afraid I have had little to do ."
41 : 28 The arrow cannot make him flee : slingstones are turned with him into stubble .
And it grieved Samuel ; and he cried unto the LORD all night .
On the contrary , with a mind and body alike strengthened by rest , she looked and spoke with more genuine spirit , anticipating the pleasure of Margaret ' s return , and talking of the dear family party which would then be restored , of their mutual pursuits and cheerful society , as the only happiness worth a wish .
We will follow them to Hartfield .
21 : 12 They take the timbrel and harp , and rejoice at the sound of the organ .
48 : 28 O ye that dwell in Moab , leave the cities , and dwell in the rock , and be like the dove that maketh her nest in the sides of the hole ' s mouth .
I do not see it ."
21 : 40 And when he had given him licence , Paul stood on the stairs , and beckoned with the hand unto the people .
30 : 5 So they established a decree to make proclamation throughout all Israel , from Beersheba even to Dan , that they should come to keep the passover unto the LORD God of Israel at Jerusalem : for they had not done it of a long time in such sort as it was written .
5 : 4 Behold , the hire of the labourers who have reaped down your fields , which is of you kept back by fraud , crieth : and the cries of them which have reaped are entered into the ears of the Lord of sabaoth .
7 : 28 Hitherto is the end of the matter .
11 : 13 The envy also of Ephraim shall depart , and the adversaries of Judah shall be cut off : Ephraim shall not envy Judah , and Judah shall not vex Ephraim .
3 : 4 And his brightness was as the light ; he had horns coming out of his hand : and there was the hiding of his power .
9 : 42 And Ahaz begat Jarah ; and Jarah begat Alemeth , and Azmaveth , and Zimri ; and Zimri begat Moza ; 9 : 43 And Moza begat Binea ; and Rephaiah his son , Eleasah his son , Azel his son .
such a deceitful dog !
He wished the road might be impassable , that he might be able to keep them all at Randalls ; and with the utmost good - will was sure that accommodation might be found for every body , calling on his wife to agree with him , that with a little contrivance , every body might be lodged , which she hardly knew how to do , from the consciousness of there being but two spare rooms in the house .
I am so sorry we cannot stay longer ; however we shall meet again in town very soon , I hope ."
2 : 26 For as the body without the spirit is dead , so faith without works is dead also .
Mr Shepherd laughed , as he knew he must , at this wit , and then added --
Grace be with you .
28 : 9 And the woman said unto him , Behold , thou knowest what Saul hath done , how he hath cut off those that have familiar spirits , and the wizards , out of the land : wherefore then layest thou a snare for my life , to cause me to die ?
And as to conceit , he is the farthest from it of any man I know .
13 : 4 This day came ye out in the month Abib .
2 : 19 Jesus answered and said unto them , Destroy this temple , and in three days I will raise it up .
7 : 1 When I would have healed Israel , then the iniquity of Ephraim was discovered , and the wickedness of Samaria : for they commit falsehood ; and the thief cometh in , and the troop of robbers spoileth without .
He was quite as good - looking as he had appeared at Lyme , his countenance improved by speaking , and his manners were so exactly what they ought to be , so polished , so easy , so particularly agreeable , that she could compare them in excellence to only one person ' s manners .
The Book of the Prophet Jeremiah
And she said , the daughter of Bethuel , Nahor ' s son , whom Milcah bare unto him : and I put the earring upon her face , and the bracelets upon her hands .
And he said , Swear unto me by God , that thou wilt neither kill me , nor deliver me into the hands of my master , and I will bring thee down to this company .
Sir John did not much understand this reproof ; but he laughed as heartily as if he did , and then replied ,
He was often hoping , intending to come -- but was always prevented .
15 : 36 Behold , they have there with them their two sons , Ahimaaz Zadok ' s son , and Jonathan Abiathar ' s son ; and by them ye shall send unto me every thing that ye can hear .
45 : 12 I have made the earth , and created man upon it : I , even my hands , have stretched out the heavens , and all their host have I commanded .
16 : 34 And the contrary is in thee from other women in thy whoredoms , whereas none followeth thee to commit whoredoms : and in that thou givest a reward , and no reward is given unto thee , therefore thou art contrary .
I have seen Mr . Ferrars two or three times in Harley Street , and am much pleased with him .
5 : 6 And the king and his men went to Jerusalem unto the Jebusites , the inhabitants of the land : which spake unto David , saying , Except thou take away the blind and the lame , thou shalt not come in hither : thinking , David cannot come in hither .
7 : 25 For a certain woman , whose young daughter had an unclean spirit , heard of him , and came and fell at his feet : 7 : 26 The woman was a Greek , a Syrophenician by nation ; and she besought him that he would cast forth the devil out of her daughter .
4 : 29 As for the sons of Merari , thou shalt number them after their families , by the house of their fathers ; 4 : 30 From thirty years old and upward even unto fifty years old shalt thou number them , every one that entereth into the service , to do the work of the tabernacle of the congregation .
She sat in an agony of impatience which affected every feature .
17 : 13 I will be his father , and he shall be my son : and I will not take my mercy away from him , as I took it from him that was before thee : 17 : 14 But I will settle him in mine house and in my kingdom for ever : and his throne shall be established for evermore .
36 : 31 And I will punish him and his seed and his servants for their iniquity ; and I will bring upon them , and upon the inhabitants of Jerusalem , and upon the men of Judah , all the evil that I have pronounced against them ; but they hearkened not .
They were wretched together .
39 : 19 And they made two rings of gold , and put them on the two ends of the breastplate , upon the border of it , which was on the side of the ephod inward .
11 : 18 When they heard these things , they held their peace , and glorified God , saying , Then hath God also to the Gentiles granted repentance unto life .
14 : 23 And he shall bring them on the eighth day for his cleansing unto the priest , unto the door of the tabernacle of the congregation , before the LORD .
11 : 25 And he shall stir up his power and his courage against the king of the south with a great army ; and the king of the south shall be stirred up to battle with a very great and mighty army ; but he shall not stand : for they shall forecast devices against him .
There I was quite right .
106 : 4 Remember me , O LORD , with the favour that thou bearest unto thy people : O visit me with thy salvation ;
By his description , a good deal like the second size double - barrel of mine , which you shot with one day round Winthrop ."
And he said , Yea , I know it ; hold ye your peace .
" Exert yourself , dear Marianne ," she cried , " if you would not kill yourself and all who love you .
It would have been such a great pity to have went away before your brother and sister came .
7 : 9 Or what man is there of you , whom if his son ask bread , will he give him a stone ?
16 : 15 But thou didst trust in thine own beauty , and playedst the harlot because of thy renown , and pouredst out thy fornications on every one that passed by ; his it was .
30 : 26 Moreover the light of the moon shall be as the light of the sun , and the light of the sun shall be sevenfold , as the light of seven days , in the day that the LORD bindeth up the breach of his people , and healeth the stroke of their wound .
The man must be a blockhead who wanted more .
She was , besides , which was the worst of all , so cold , so cautious !
4 : 20 Now unto God and our Father be glory for ever and ever .
19 : 39 And there came also Nicodemus , which at the first came to Jesus by night , and brought a mixture of myrrh and aloes , about an hundred pound weight .
4 : 4 For every creature of God is good , and nothing to be refused , if it be received with thanksgiving : 4 : 5 For it is sanctified by the word of God and prayer .
1 : 19 And I said unto the angel that talked with me , What be these ?
16 : 5 And Sarai said unto Abram , My wrong be upon thee : I have given my maid into thy bosom ; and when she saw that she had conceived , I was despised in her eyes : the LORD judge between me and thee .
10 : 4 But they were exceedingly afraid , and said , Behold , two kings stood not before him : how then shall we stand ?
21 : 12 And they found among the inhabitants of Jabeshgilead four hundred young virgins , that had known no man by lying with any male : and they brought them unto the camp to Shiloh , which is in the land of Canaan .
3 : 22 And the hand of the LORD was there upon me ; and he said unto me , Arise , go forth into the plain , and I will there talk with thee .
11 : 19 And if I by Beelzebub cast out devils , by whom do your sons cast them out ?
21 : 19 Then they said , Behold , there is a feast of the LORD in Shiloh yearly in a place which is on the north side of Bethel , on the east side of the highway that goeth up from Bethel to Shechem , and on the south of Lebonah .
4 : 1 Hear me when I call , O God of my righteousness : thou hast enlarged me when I was in distress ; have mercy upon me , and hear my prayer .
48 : 36 Therefore mine heart shall sound for Moab like pipes , and mine heart shall sound like pipes for the men of Kirheres : because the riches that he hath gotten are perished .
After laying out for some compliments of being deeply regretted in their old neighbourhood , which Anne could not pay , they had only a few faint enquiries to make , before the talk must be all their own .
2 : 12 The LORD will cut off the man that doeth this , the master and the scholar , out of the tabernacles of Jacob , and him that offereth an offering unto the LORD of hosts .
Such might be his constitution ; and as she knew that eating and drinking were often the cure of such incidental complaints , she recommended his taking some refreshment ; he would find abundance of every thing in the dining - room -- and she humanely pointed out the door .
41 : 7 Canst thou fill his skin with barbed irons ?
But Elinor had no such dependence ; for since Edward would still be unable to marry Miss Morton , and his chusing herself had been spoken of in Mrs . Ferrars ' s flattering language as only a lesser evil than his chusing Lucy Steele , she feared that Robert ' s offence would serve no other purpose than to enrich Fanny .
18 : 15 And Moses said unto his father in law , Because the people come unto me to enquire of God : 18 : 16 When they have a matter , they come unto me ; and I judge between one and another , and I do make them know the statutes of God , and his laws .
3 : 14 And God said unto Moses , I AM THAT I AM : and he said , Thus shalt thou say unto the children of Israel , I AM hath sent me unto you .
Upon hearing how long a walk the young people had engaged in , they kindly offered a seat to any lady who might be particularly tired ; it would save her a full mile , and they were going through Uppercross .
I wish you had been with us yesterday , for then you might have decided between us ; and I am sure you would have thought as I did , unless you had been determined to give it against me ."
" He appears rough to you ," said Emma , " because you are so very gentle yourself ; but if you could compare him with other papas , you would not think him rough .
" Middling , my dear ; I cannot compliment you .
26 : 27 Out of the spoils won in battles did they dedicate to maintain the house of the LORD .
" What felicity it is to hear a tune again which _has_ made one happy !-- If I mistake not that was danced at Weymouth ."
12 : 23 And immediately the angel of the Lord smote him , because he gave not God the glory : and he was eaten of worms , and gave up the ghost .
41 : 17 They are joined one to another , they stick together , that they cannot be sundered .
31 : 1 And the LORD spake unto Moses , saying , 31 : 2 Avenge the children of Israel of the Midianites : afterward shalt thou be gathered unto thy people .
20 : 4 Wilt thou judge them , son of man , wilt thou judge them ?
16 : 2 Twenty years old was Ahaz when he began to reign , and reigned sixteen years in Jerusalem , and did not that which was right in the sight of the LORD his God , like David his father .
7 : 8 And his house where he dwelt had another court within the porch , which was of the like work .
" Mr . Palmer does not hear me ," said she , laughing ; " he never does sometimes .
7 : 12 And he that offered his offering the first day was Nahshon the son of Amminadab , of the tribe of Judah : 7 : 13 And his offering was one silver charger , the weight thereof was an hundred and thirty shekels , one silver bowl of seventy shekels , after the shekel of the sanctuary ; both of them were full of fine flour mingled with oil for a meat offering : 7 : 14 One spoon of ten shekels of gold , full of incense : 7 : 15 One young bullock , one ram , one lamb of the first year , for a burnt offering : 7 : 16 One kid of the goats for a sin offering : 7 : 17 And for a sacrifice of peace offerings , two oxen , five rams , five he goats , five lambs of the first year : this was the offering of Nahshon the son of Amminadab .
11 : 2 And the people blessed all the men , that willingly offered themselves to dwell at Jerusalem .
Wherefore Saul said to David , Thou shalt this day be my son in law in the one of the twain .
20 : 28 Take heed therefore unto yourselves , and to all the flock , over the which the Holy Ghost hath made you overseers , to feed the church of God , which he hath purchased with his own blood .
35 : 16 And if he smite him with an instrument of iron , so that he die , he is a murderer : the murderer shall surely be put to death .
10 : 14 If I sin , then thou markest me , and thou wilt not acquit me from mine iniquity .
18 : 4 Jesus therefore , knowing all things that should come upon him , went forth , and said unto them , Whom seek ye ?
" Not in the stage , I assure you ," replied Miss Steele , with quick exultation ; " we came post all the way , and had a very smart beau to attend us .
27 : 13 This is the portion of a wicked man with God , and the heritage of oppressors , which they shall receive of the Almighty .
23 : 10 And Ephron dwelt among the children of Heth : and Ephron the Hittite answered Abraham in the audience of the children of Heth , even of all that went in at the gate of his city , saying , 23 : 11 Nay , my lord , hear me : the field give I thee , and the cave that is therein , I give it thee ; in the presence of the sons of my people give I it thee : bury thy dead .
4 : 3 And the Beerothites fled to Gittaim , and were sojourners there until this day .)
24 : 17 Rejoice not when thine enemy falleth , and let not thine heart be glad when he stumbleth : 24 : 18 Lest the LORD see it , and it displease him , and he turn away his wrath from him .
I remember her aunt very well , Biddy Henshawe ; she married a very wealthy man .
And with these words , he almost ran out of the room .
or thirsty , and gave thee drink ?
5 : 5 But the eye of their God was upon the elders of the Jews , that they could not cause them to cease , till the matter came to Darius : and then they returned answer by letter concerning this matter .
shall I praise you in this ?
7 : 20 Now if I do that I would not , it is no more I that do it , but sin that dwelleth in me .
2 : 32 This image ' s head was of fine gold , his breast and his arms of silver , his belly and his thighs of brass , 2 : 33 His legs of iron , his feet part of iron and part of clay .
Did he see you last summer or autumn , ` somewhere down in the west ,' to use her own words , without knowing it to be you ?"
68 : 6 God setteth the solitary in families : he bringeth out those which are bound with chains : but the rebellious dwell in a dry land .
She was faithful to her word ; and when Willoughby called at the cottage , the same day , Elinor heard her express her disappointment to him in a low voice , on being obliged to forego the acceptance of his present .
22 : 8 If the thief be not found , then the master of the house shall be brought unto the judges , to see whether he have put his hand unto his neighbour ' s goods .
9 : 11 I returned , and saw under the sun , that the race is not to the swift , nor the battle to the strong , neither yet bread to the wise , nor yet riches to men of understanding , nor yet favour to men of skill ; but time and chance happeneth to them all .
4 : 11 Let us labour therefore to enter into that rest , lest any man fall after the same example of unbelief .
Would you , in short , have renewed the engagement then ?"
And then rising , she went away to join Marianne , whom she found , as she expected , in her own room , leaning , in silent misery , over the small remains of a fire , which , till Elinor ' s entrance , had been her only light .
She regained the street -- happy in this , that though much had been forced on her against her will , though she had in fact heard the whole substance of Jane Fairfax ' s letter , she had been able to escape the letter itself .
" But , indeed , Elinor , it is Marianne ' s .
Herein thou hast done foolishly : therefore from henceforth thou shalt have wars .
He had formerly visited at Stanhill , but it was too long for his young cousins to remember him .
24 : 42 Watch therefore : for ye know not what hour your Lord doth come .
3 : 3 Her princes within her are roaring lions ; her judges are evening wolves ; they gnaw not the bones till the morrow .
We must consider what Miss Fairfax quits , before we condemn her taste for what she goes to ."
And there returned of the people twenty and two thousand ; and there remained ten thousand .
16 : 25 For great is the LORD , and greatly to be praised : he also is to be feared above all gods .
6 : 3 And they set the ark of God upon a new cart , and brought it out of the house of Abinadab that was in Gibeah : and Uzzah and Ahio , the sons of Abinadab , drave the new cart .
18 : 31 And he said , Behold now , I have taken upon me to speak unto the LORD : Peradventure there shall be twenty found there .
12 : 3 The LORD shall cut off all flattering lips , and the tongue that speaketh proud things :
For it is a good thing that the heart be established with grace ; not with meats , which have not profited them that have been occupied therein .
" I can answer for every thing of that nature , sir , because it will be under Mrs . Weston ' s care .
1 : 22 Now all this was done , that it might be fulfilled which was spoken of the Lord by the prophet , saying , 1 : 23 Behold , a virgin shall be with child , and shall bring forth a son , and they shall call his name Emmanuel , which being interpreted is , God with us .
16 : 19 Now Jesus knew that they were desirous to ask him , and said unto them , Do ye enquire among yourselves of that I said , A little while , and ye shall not see me : and again , a little while , and ye shall see me ?
4 : 5 Thy two breasts are like two young roes that are twins , which feed among the lilies .
26 : 22 And he removed from thence , and digged another well ; and for that they strove not : and he called the name of it Rehoboth ; and he said , For now the LORD hath made room for us , and we shall be fruitful in the land .
1 : 26 And the man went into the land of the Hittites , and built a city , and called the name thereof Luz : which is the name thereof unto this day .
I shall press you no more ."
18 : 7 And as Obadiah was in the way , behold , Elijah met him : and he knew him , and fell on his face , and said , Art thou that my lord Elijah ?
14 : 28 Say unto them , As truly as I live , saith the LORD , as ye have spoken in mine ears , so will I do to you : 14 : 29 Your carcases shall fall in this wilderness ; and all that were numbered of you , according to your whole number , from twenty years old and upward which have murmured against me .
1 : 15 For , lo , I will call all the families of the kingdoms of the north , saith the LORD ; and they shall come , and they shall set every one his throne at the entering of the gates of Jerusalem , and against all the walls thereof round about , and against all the cities of Judah .
" Nought loves another as itself , Nor venerates another so , Nor is it possible to thought A greater than itself to know .
33 : 39 And Aaron was an hundred and twenty and three years old when he died in mount Hor .
and this dear parlour in which our acquaintance first began , and in which so many happy hours have been since spent by us together , you would degrade to the condition of a common entrance , and every body would be eager to pass through the room which has hitherto contained within itself more real accommodation and comfort than any other apartment of the handsomest dimensions in the world could possibly afford ."
14 : 5 Thomas saith unto him , Lord , we know not whither thou goest ; and how can we know the way ?
19 : 31 For out of Jerusalem shall go forth a remnant , and they that escape out of mount Zion : the zeal of the LORD of hosts shall do this .
" So early in life -- at three - and - twenty -- a period when , if a man chuses a wife , he generally chuses ill . At three - and - twenty to have drawn such a prize !
124 : 6 Blessed be the LORD , who hath not given us as a prey to their teeth .
The house , too , as described by Sir John , was on so simple a scale , and the rent so uncommonly moderate , as to leave her no right of objection on either point ; and , therefore , though it was not a plan which brought any charm to her fancy , though it was a removal from the vicinity of Norland beyond her wishes , she made no attempt to dissuade her mother from sending a letter of acquiescence .
3 : 6 And king Jehoram went out of Samaria the same time , and numbered all Israel .
81 : 7 Thou calledst in trouble , and I delivered thee ; I answered thee in the secret place of thunder : I proved thee at the waters of Meribah .
6 : 17 Also I set watchmen over you , saying , Hearken to the sound of the trumpet .
40 : 5 And they dreamed a dream both of them , each man his dream in one night , each man according to the interpretation of his dream , the butler and the baker of the king of Egypt , which were bound in the prison .
And David sent Abner away ; and he went in peace .
1 : 30 But of him are ye in Christ Jesus , who of God is made unto us wisdom , and righteousness , and sanctification , and redemption : 1 : 31 That , according as it is written , He that glorieth , let him glory in the Lord .
And he arose , and followed him .
Why they are your cousins , you know , after a fashion .
4 : 15 And it came to pass , when our enemies heard that it was known unto us , and God had brought their counsel to nought , that we returned all of us to the wall , every one unto his work .
2 : 12 I write unto you , little children , because your sins are forgiven you for his name ' s sake .
There could be no harm in a scheme , a mere passive scheme .
" Yes ," said Anne , " you tell me nothing which does not accord with what I have known , or could imagine .
8 : 28 And when he was come to the other side into the country of the Gergesenes , there met him two possessed with devils , coming out of the tombs , exceeding fierce , so that no man might pass by that way .
21 : 24 And they shall fall by the edge of the sword , and shall be led away captive into all nations : and Jerusalem shall be trodden down of the Gentiles , until the times of the Gentiles be fulfilled .
16 : 3 But to the saints that are in the earth , and to the excellent , in whom is all my delight .
27 : 15 The twelfth captain for the twelfth month was Heldai the Netophathite , of Othniel : and in his course were twenty and four thousand .
10 : 3 Now therefore let us make a covenant with our God to put away all the wives , and such as are born of them , according to the counsel of my lord , and of those that tremble at the commandment of our God ; and let it be done according to the law .
5 : 19 As if a man did flee from a lion , and a bear met him ; or went into the house , and leaned his hand on the wall , and a serpent bit him .
11 : 10 They shall walk after the LORD : he shall roar like a lion : when he shall roar , then the children shall tremble from the west .
` Full many a flower is born to blush unseen , ` And waste its fragrance on the desert air .'
It was three weeks since she had heard at all .
Captain Wentworth must be out of sight .
9 : 23 If the scourge slay suddenly , he will laugh at the trial of the innocent .
So the woman abode , and gave her son suck until she weaned him .
1 : 30 And to every beast of the earth , and to every fowl of the air , and to every thing that creepeth upon the earth , wherein there is life , I have given every green herb for meat : and it was so .
4 : 6 And the LORD said furthermore unto him , Put now thine hand into thy bosom .
She began not to understand a word they said , and was obliged to plead indisposition and excuse herself .
20 : 8 For since I spake , I cried out , I cried violence and spoil ; because the word of the LORD was made a reproach unto me , and a derision , daily .
9 : 7 And David said unto him , Fear not : for I will surely shew thee kindness for Jonathan thy father ' s sake , and will restore thee all the land of Saul thy father ; and thou shalt eat bread at my table continually .
7 : 18 And whatsoever shall seem good to thee , and to thy brethren , to do with the rest of the silver and the gold , that do after the will of your God .
Thirteen years had seen her mistress of Kellynch Hall , presiding and directing with a self - possession and decision which could never have given the idea of her being younger than she was .
51 : 46 And lest your heart faint , and ye fear for the rumour that shall be heard in the land ; a rumour shall both come one year , and after that in another year shall come a rumour , and violence in the land , ruler against ruler .
3 : 23 Why is light given to a man whose way is hid , and whom God hath hedged in ?
" Yes , they are about one hundred and ninety miles from London .
2 : 6 And there were set there six waterpots of stone , after the manner of the purifying of the Jews , containing two or three firkins apiece .
12 : 24 The children of Judah that bare shield and spear were six thousand and eight hundred , ready armed to the war .
20 : 21 And the children of Benjamin came forth out of Gibeah , and destroyed down to the ground of the Israelites that day twenty and two thousand men .
because ye build the tombs of the prophets , and garnish the sepulchres of the righteous , 23 : 30 And say , If we had been in the days of our fathers , we would not have been partakers with them in the blood of the prophets .
or who shall stand in his holy place ?
81 : 10 I am the LORD thy God , which brought thee out of the land of Egypt : open thy mouth wide , and I will fill it .
And he said , Hearken , O people , every one of you .
I was late ; I met her walking home by herself , and wanted to walk with her , but she would not suffer it .
It would be most right , and most wise , and , therefore must involve least suffering to go with the others .
20 : 38 And Jonathan cried after the lad , Make speed , haste , stay not .
who is offended , and I burn not ?
5 : 17 Pray without ceasing .
17 : 7 Also in the third year of his reign he sent to his princes , even to Benhail , and to Obadiah , and to Zechariah , and to Nethaneel , and to Michaiah , to teach in the cities of Judah .
20 : 10 And at the season he sent a servant to the husbandmen , that they should give him of the fruit of the vineyard : but the husbandmen beat him , and sent him away empty .
21 : 1 And it came to pass after these things , that Naboth the Jezreelite had a vineyard , which was in Jezreel , hard by the palace of Ahab king of Samaria .
And many of the people of the land became Jews ; for the fear of the Jews fell upon them .
20 : 7 And the LORD spake unto Moses , saying , 20 : 8 Take the rod , and gather thou the assembly together , thou , and Aaron thy brother , and speak ye unto the rock before their eyes ; and it shall give forth his water , and thou shalt bring forth to them water out of the rock : so thou shalt give the congregation and their beasts drink .
14 : 37 If any man think himself to be a prophet , or spiritual , let him acknowledge that the things that I write unto you are the commandments of the Lord .
And when Saul heard that , he pursued after David in the wilderness of Maon .
4 : 37 And herein is that saying true , One soweth , and another reapeth .
Mr . Weston , his son , Emma , and Harriet , only remained ; and the young man ' s spirits now rose to a pitch almost unpleasant .
And it cannot be for the value of our custom now , for what is our consumption of bread , you know ?
Return unto me , and I will return unto you , saith the LORD of hosts .
11 : 12 Notwithstanding in thy days I will not do it for David thy father ' s sake : but I will rend it out of the hand of thy son .
27 : 26 The lambs are for thy clothing , and the goats are the price of the field .
He came back , had had his hair cut , and laughed at himself with a very good grace , but without seeming really at all ashamed of what he had done .
15 : 5 A fool despiseth his father ' s instruction : but he that regardeth reproof is prudent .
70 : 2 Let them be ashamed and confounded that seek after my soul : let them be turned backward , and put to confusion , that desire my hurt .
19 : 14 And the armies which were in heaven followed him upon white horses , clothed in fine linen , white and clean .
4 : 37 These were they that were numbered of the families of the Kohathites , all that might do service in the tabernacle of the congregation , which Moses and Aaron did number according to the commandment of the LORD by the hand of Moses .
Selah .
15 : 16 Then Menahem smote Tiphsah , and all that were therein , and the coasts thereof from Tirzah : because they opened not to him , therefore he smote it ; and all the women therein that were with child he ripped up .
The Lord is at hand .
" I can have no pleasure while I see you in this state ."
She would not acknowledge that it was with any view of making a match for her , hereafter , with either of Isabella ' s sons ; but she was convinced that a daughter would suit both father and mother best .
25 : 3 Forty stripes he may give him , and not exceed : lest , if he should exceed , and beat him above these with many stripes , then thy brother should seem vile unto thee .
4 : 13 Better is a poor and a wise child than an old and foolish king , who will no more be admonished .
9 : 6 Thou , even thou , art LORD alone ; thou hast made heaven , the heaven of heavens , with all their host , the earth , and all things that are therein , the seas , and all that is therein , and thou preservest them all ; and the host of heaven worshippeth thee .
45 : 5 And the five and twenty thousand of length , and the ten thousand of breadth shall also the Levites , the ministers of the house , have for themselves , for a possession for twenty chambers .
14 : 28 And it was so , when the king went into the house of the LORD , that the guard bare them , and brought them back into the guard chamber .
3 : 6 And I will cast abominable filth upon thee , and make thee vile , and will set thee as a gazingstock .
Upon all points of blood and connexion he is a completely altered man .
17 : 24 Then David came to Mahanaim .
25 : 3 Is there any number of his armies ?
And he said unto her , Behold , I have not told it my father nor my mother , and shall I tell it thee ?
Mrs . Weston was disengaged and Emma began again --" Mr . Frank Churchill writes one of the best gentleman ' s hands I ever saw ."
" Perhaps ," cried Anne , struck by a sudden idea , " you sometimes spoke of me to Mr Elliot ?"
" I never saw any gentleman ' s handwriting "-- Emma began , looking also at Mrs . Weston ; but stopped , on perceiving that Mrs . Weston was attending to some one else -- and the pause gave her time to reflect , " Now , how am I going to introduce him ?-- Am I unequal to speaking his name at once before all these people ?
9 : 8 That is , They which are the children of the flesh , these are not the children of God : but the children of the promise are counted for the seed .
13 : 10 And he was teaching in one of the synagogues on the sabbath .
" With a great deal of pleasure , sir , at any time ," said Mr . Knightley , laughing , " and I agree with you entirely , that it will be a much better thing .
No husbands and wives ," with so interesting a consciousness , that Emma began to consider whether she had not better leave them together at once .
Seven summers old Lovely Lyca told .
" To judge from the Colonel ' s spirits , however , you have not yet made him equally sanguine ."
6 : 2 And the house which king Solomon built for the LORD , the length thereof was threescore cubits , and the breadth thereof twenty cubits , and the height thereof thirty cubits .
3 : 12 And now it is true that I am thy near kinsman : howbeit there is a kinsman nearer than I .
64 : 4 That they may shoot in secret at the perfect : suddenly do they shoot at him , and fear not .
And he spake unto him , Thou man of God , the king hath said , Come down .
Your resolution , or rather your expectation of never marrying , results from an idea that the person whom you might prefer , would be too greatly your superior in situation to think of you .
And they that were crucified with him reviled him .
9 : 1 And David said , Is there yet any that is left of the house of Saul , that I may shew him kindness for Jonathan ' s sake ?
14 : 29 Then said Jonathan , My father hath troubled the land : see , I pray you , how mine eyes have been enlightened , because I tasted a little of this honey .
24 : 20 Or else let these same here say , if they have found any evil doing in me , while I stood before the council , 24 : 21 Except it be for this one voice , that I cried standing among them , Touching the resurrection of the dead I am called in question by you this day .
of South Park , in the county of Gloucester , by which lady ( who died 1800 ) he has issue Elizabeth , born June 1 , 1785 ; Anne , born August 9 , 1787 ; a still - born son , November 5 , 1789 ; Mary , born November 20 , 1791 ."
1 : 14 So he consented to them in this matter , and proved them ten days .
You may believe me , Mrs . Weston .
And David said , O LORD , I pray thee , turn the counsel of Ahithophel into foolishness .
However , she seems a very obliging , pretty - behaved young lady , and no doubt will make him a very good wife .
said Mrs . Weston , " have not you finished it yet ?
Each behaving so pleasantly .
10 : 5 And they shall be as mighty men , which tread down their enemies in the mire of the streets in the battle : and they shall fight , because the LORD is with them , and the riders on horses shall be confounded .
Elizabeth , may we venture to present him and his wife in Laura Place ?"
80 : 18 So will not we go back from thee : quicken us , and we will call upon thy name .
37 : 6 And Isaiah said unto them , Thus shall ye say unto your master , Thus saith the LORD , Be not afraid of the words that thou hast heard , wherewith the servants of the king of Assyria have blasphemed me .
24 : 12 And the king and Jehoiada gave it to such as did the work of the service of the house of the LORD , and hired masons and carpenters to repair the house of the LORD , and also such as wrought iron and brass to mend the house of the LORD .
12 : 16 And there came of the children of Benjamin and Judah to the hold unto David .
69 : 1 Save me , O God ; for the waters are come in unto my soul .
Selah .
poor dear ," immediately gave her her salts ; and Sir John felt so desperately enraged against the author of this nervous distress , that he instantly changed his seat to one close by Lucy Steele , and gave her , in a whisper , a brief account of the whole shocking affair .
3 : 3 The watchmen that go about the city found me : to whom I said , Saw ye him whom my soul loveth ?
He could not see her in a situation of such danger , without trying to preserve her .
Praise the LORD , O my soul .
11 : 27 She saith unto him , Yea , Lord : I believe that thou art the Christ , the Son of God , which should come into the world .
why don ' t he repair it ?-- who should do it but himself ?"
37 : 15 The word of the LORD came again unto me , saying , 37 : 16 Moreover , thou son of man , take thee one stick , and write upon it , For Judah , and for the children of Israel his companions : then take another stick , and write upon it , For Joseph , the stick of Ephraim and for all the house of Israel his companions : 37 : 17 And join them one to another into one stick ; and they shall become one in thine hand .
Some more of the Careys came to dinner , and they had the pleasure of sitting down nearly twenty to table , which Sir John observed with great contentment .
3 : 14 But and if ye suffer for righteousness ' sake , happy are ye : and be not afraid of their terror , neither be troubled ; 3 : 15 But sanctify the Lord God in your hearts : and be ready always to give an answer to every man that asketh you a reason of the hope that is in you with meekness and fear : 3 : 16 Having a good conscience ; that , whereas they speak evil of you , as of evildoers , they may be ashamed that falsely accuse your good conversation in Christ .
15 : 35 But some man will say , How are the dead raised up ?
I may not have convinced you perhaps , but I am perfectly convinced myself that Mr . Dixon is a principal in the business ."
22 : 36 Then said he unto them , But now , he that hath a purse , let him take it , and likewise his scrip : and he that hath no sword , let him sell his garment , and buy one .
29 : 18 And in that day shall the deaf hear the words of the book , and the eyes of the blind shall see out of obscurity , and out of darkness .
" Well , I cannot understand it ."
8 : 4 Therefore they that were scattered abroad went every where preaching the word .
17 : 20 And David rose up early in the morning , and left the sheep with a keeper , and took , and went , as Jesse had commanded him ; and he came to the trench , as the host was going forth to the fight , and shouted for the battle .
have ye not understood from the foundations of the earth ?
119 : 91 They continue this day according to thine ordinances : for all are thy servants .
17 : 22 And he said unto the disciples , The days will come , when ye shall desire to see one of the days of the Son of man , and ye shall not see it .
16 : 23 And it came to pass , when the evil spirit from God was upon Saul , that David took an harp , and played with his hand : so Saul was refreshed , and was well , and the evil spirit departed from him .
113 : 3 From the rising of the sun unto the going down of the same the LORD ' s name is to be praised .
She saw in a moment all the possible good .
But , Anne , only conceive how extraordinary !
And they sware .
7 : 21 And why dost thou not pardon my transgression , and take away my iniquity ?
She had an unhappy state of health in general for the child of such a man , for she hardly knew what indisposition was ; and if he did not invent illnesses for her , she could make no figure in a message .
3 : 1 Lord , how are they increased that trouble me !
9 : 19 O Lord , hear ; O Lord , forgive ; O Lord , hearken and do ; defer not , for thine own sake , O my God : for thy city and thy people are called by thy name .
12 : 7 And they spake unto him , saying , If thou wilt be a servant unto this people this day , and wilt serve them , and answer them , and speak good words to them , then they will be thy servants for ever .
27 : 1 The LORD is my light and my salvation ; whom shall I fear ?
6 : 1 The sons of Levi ; Gershon , Kohath , and Merari .
10 : 7 And one cherub stretched forth his hand from between the cherubims unto the fire that was between the cherubims , and took thereof , and put it into the hands of him that was clothed with linen : who took it , and went out .
8 : 24 And , behold , there arose a great tempest in the sea , insomuch that the ship was covered with the waves : but he was asleep .
99 : 6 Moses and Aaron among his priests , and Samuel among them that call upon his name ; they called upon the LORD , and he answered them .
1 : 24 And they prayed , and said , Thou , Lord , which knowest the hearts of all men , shew whether of these two thou hast chosen , 1 : 25 That he may take part of this ministry and apostleship , from which Judas by transgression fell , that he might go to his own place .
But if she DID , the letter was written and sent away with a privacy which eluded all her watchfulness to ascertain the fact .
25 : 21 His lord said unto him , Well done , thou good and faithful servant : thou hast been faithful over a few things , I will make thee ruler over many things : enter thou into the joy of thy lord .
Emma listened with the warmest concern ; grieved for her more and more , and looked around eager to discover some way of being useful .
" I am very sure that I never said any thing of either to the other , which both might not have heard ."
9 : 27 And the king made silver in Jerusalem as stones , and cedar trees made he as the sycomore trees that are in the low plains in abundance .
1 : 11 Then shall the children of Judah and the children of Israel be gathered together , and appoint themselves one head , and they shall come up out of the land : for great shall be the day of Jezreel .
36 : 8 And every daughter , that possesseth an inheritance in any tribe of the children of Israel , shall be wife unto one of the family of the tribe of her father , that the children of Israel may enjoy every man the inheritance of his fathers .
" Perhaps it is to tell you that your cousin Fanny is married ?"
12 : 9 Eat not of it raw , nor sodden at all with water , but roast with fire ; his head with his legs , and with the purtenance thereof .
But there was one method so direct , so simple , and in her opinion so eligible of knowing the real state of the affair , and of instantly removing all mystery , that she could not help suggesting it to her mother .
10 : 18 For thus saith the LORD , Behold , I will sling out the inhabitants of the land at this once , and will distress them , that they may find it so .
1 : 8 Remember , I beseech thee , the word that thou commandedst thy servant Moses , saying , If ye transgress , I will scatter you abroad among the nations : 1 : 9 But if ye turn unto me , and keep my commandments , and do them ; though there were of you cast out unto the uttermost part of the heaven , yet will I gather them from thence , and will bring them unto the place that I have chosen to set my name there .
8 : 2 I would lead thee , and bring thee into my mother ' s house , who would instruct me : I would cause thee to drink of spiced wine of the juice of my pomegranate .
The younger boy , a remarkable stout , forward child , of two years old , having got the door opened for him by some one without , made his determined appearance among them , and went straight to the sofa to see what was going on , and put in his claim to anything good that might be giving away .
But Sir John ' s satisfaction in society was much more real ; he delighted in collecting about him more young people than his house would hold , and the noisier they were the better was he pleased .
but who can withhold himself from speaking ?
They were cheered by the joy of the servants on their arrival , and each for the sake of the others resolved to appear happy .
was Sir Walter ' s cold suspicious inquiry .
23 : 27 But there came a messenger unto Saul , saying , Haste thee , and come ; for the Philistines have invaded the land .
1 : 1 The beginning of the gospel of Jesus Christ , the Son of God ; 1 : 2 As it is written in the prophets , Behold , I send my messenger before thy face , which shall prepare thy way before thee .
113 : 2 Blessed be the name of the LORD from this time forth and for evermore .
19 : 10 But the men put forth their hand , and pulled Lot into the house to them , and shut to the door .
31 : 31 And Jacob answered and said to Laban , Because I was afraid : for I said , Peradventure thou wouldest take by force thy daughters from me .
25 : 3 They that were foolish took their lamps , and took no oil with them : 25 : 4 But the wise took oil in their vessels with their lamps .
31 : 20 Is Ephraim my dear son ?
Name your day , and I will come .
what is mine iniquity ?
12 : 6 For even thy brethren , and the house of thy father , even they have dealt treacherously with thee ; yea , they have called a multitude after thee : believe them not , though they speak fair words unto thee .
As she joined him , Captain Harville ' s countenance re - assumed the serious , thoughtful expression which seemed its natural character .
" Her daughters are both exceedingly well married , and therefore I cannot perceive the necessity of her remembering them farther .
They had met .
3 : 26 Then Nebuchadnezzar came near to the mouth of the burning fiery furnace , and spake , and said , Shadrach , Meshach , and Abednego , ye servants of the most high God , come forth , and come hither .
77 : 10 And I said , This is my infirmity : but I will remember the years of the right hand of the most High .
how shall we do ?
103 : 9 He will not always chide : neither will he keep his anger for ever .
Mine , I confess , are exhausted .
Mrs Croft , though neither tall nor fat , had a squareness , uprightness , and vigour of form , which gave importance to her person .
18 : 5 The sorrows of hell compassed me about : the snares of death prevented me .
On quitting the Cobb , they all went in - doors with their new friends , and found rooms so small as none but those who invite from the heart could think capable of accommodating so many .
They were rapidly forming words for each other , or for any body else who would be puzzled .
11 : 1 Then answered Zophar the Naamathite , and said , 11 : 2 Should not the multitude of words be answered ?
3 : 15 Thou didst walk through the sea with thine horses , through the heap of great waters .
" Pray say no more .
10 : 3 But in those sacrifices there is a remembrance again made of sins every year .
No !
14 : 19 And the king said , Is not the hand of Joab with thee in all this ?
I know Marianne ' s heart : I know that she dearly loves me , and that I shall not be the last to whom the affair is made known , when circumstances make the revealment of it eligible .
In music she had been always used to feel alone in the world ; and Mr and Mrs Musgrove ' s fond partiality for their own daughters ' performance , and total indifference to any other person ' s , gave her much more pleasure for their sakes , than mortification for her own .
9 : 32 But they understood not that saying , and were afraid to ask him .
or hast thou walked in the search of the depth ?
108 : 6 That thy beloved may be delivered : save with thy right hand , and answer me .
13 : 1 On that day they read in the book of Moses in the audience of the people ; and therein was found written , that the Ammonite and the Moabite should not come into the congregation of God for ever ; 13 : 2 Because they met not the children of Israel with bread and with water , but hired Balaam against them , that he should curse them : howbeit our God turned the curse into a blessing .
But a week must pass ; only a week , in Anne ' s reckoning , and then , she supposed , they must meet ; and soon she began to wish that she could feel secure even for a week .
They arrived .-- Mrs .
" I have been thinking over the past , and trying impartially to judge of the right and wrong , I mean with regard to myself ; and I must believe that I was right , much as I suffered from it , that I was perfectly right in being guided by the friend whom you will love better than you do now .
48 : 7 They are created now , and not from the beginning ; even before the day when thou heardest them not ; lest thou shouldest say , Behold , I knew them .
24 : 3 And I took your father Abraham from the other side of the flood , and led him throughout all the land of Canaan , and multiplied his seed , and gave him Isaac .
16 : 10 And Zimri went in and smote him , and killed him , in the twenty and seventh year of Asa king of Judah , and reigned in his stead .
" My dear madam ," said Lady Middleton , " recollect what you are saying ."
This also I saw , that it was from the hand of God .
119 : 71 It is good for me that I have been afflicted ; that I might learn thy statutes .
20 : 33 As I live , saith the Lord GOD , surely with a mighty hand , and with a stretched out arm , and with fury poured out , will I rule over you : 20 : 34 And I will bring you out from the people , and will gather you out of the countries wherein ye are scattered , with a mighty hand , and with a stretched out arm , and with fury poured out .
6 : 4 And for the house he made windows of narrow lights .
In the few minutes ' conversation which she had yet had with him , while Harriet had been partially insensible , he had spoken of her terror , her naivete , her fervour as she seized and clung to his arm , with a sensibility amused and delighted ; and just at last , after Harriet ' s own account had been given , he had expressed his indignation at the abominable folly of Miss Bickerton in the warmest terms .
Their propriety , simplicity , and elegance , would make them the safest model for any young woman ."
She wished him not so near her .
10 : 20 And twelve lions stood there on the one side and on the other upon the six steps : there was not the like made in any kingdom .
45 : 24 So he sent his brethren away , and they departed : and he said unto them , See that ye fall not out by the way .
6 : 25 And the other cherub was ten cubits : both the cherubims were of one measure and one size .
32 : 31 Pharaoh shall see them , and shall be comforted over all his multitude , even Pharaoh and all his army slain by the sword , saith the Lord GOD .
48 : 2 There shall be no more praise of Moab : in Heshbon they have devised evil against it ; come , and let us cut it off from being a nation .
4 : 20 And Moses took his wife and his sons , and set them upon an ass , and he returned to the land of Egypt : and Moses took the rod of God in his hand .
16 : 28 I came forth from the Father , and am come into the world : again , I leave the world , and go to the Father .
9 : 15 All their wickedness is in Gilgal : for there I hated them : for the wickedness of their doings I will drive them out of mine house , I will love them no more : all their princes are revolters .
34 : 4 And he hewed two tables of stone like unto the first ; and Moses rose up early in the morning , and went up unto mount Sinai , as the LORD had commanded him , and took in his hand the two tables of stone .
56 : 10 In God will I praise his word : in the LORD will I praise his word .
23 : 38 But since ye say , The burden of the LORD ; therefore thus saith the LORD ; Because ye say this word , The burden of the LORD , and I have sent unto you , saying , Ye shall not say , The burden of the LORD ; 23 : 39 Therefore , behold , I , even I , will utterly forget you , and I will forsake you , and the city that I gave you and your fathers , and cast you out of my presence : 23 : 40 And I will bring an everlasting reproach upon you , and a perpetual shame , which shall not be forgotten .
30 : 11 And the LORD spake unto Moses , saying , 30 : 12 When thou takest the sum of the children of Israel after their number , then shall they give every man a ransom for his soul unto the LORD , when thou numberest them ; that there be no plague among them , when thou numberest them .
20 : 46 So that all which fell that day of Benjamin were twenty and five thousand men that drew the sword ; all these were men of valour .
now you are looking very sly .
Elinor would not attempt to disturb a solitude so reasonable as what she now sought ; and with a mind anxiously pre - arranging its result , and a resolution of reviving the subject again , should Marianne fail to do it , she turned into the parlour to fulfill her parting injunction .
6 : 17 It shall not be baken with leaven .
" I love your indignation ," said he ; " it is very natural .
Anne could not immediately get over the shock and mortification of finding such words applied to her father .
8 : 12 And the fourth angel sounded , and the third part of the sun was smitten , and the third part of the moon , and the third part of the stars ; so as the third part of them was darkened , and the day shone not for a third part of it , and the night likewise .
John Knightley looked at him with amazement , then shrugged his shoulders , and said , " I could not have believed it even of _him_ ."
25 : 18 And the captain of the guard took Seraiah the chief priest , and Zephaniah the second priest , and the three keepers of the door : 25 : 19 And out of the city he took an officer that was set over the men of war , and five men of them that were in the king ' s presence , which were found in the city , and the principal scribe of the host , which mustered the people of the land , and threescore men of the people of the land that were found in the city : 25 : 20 And Nebuzaradan captain of the guard took these , and brought them to the king of Babylon to Riblah : 25 : 21 And the king of Babylon smote them , and slew them at Riblah in the land of Hamath .
24 : 10 And Balak ' s anger was kindled against Balaam , and he smote his hands together : and Balak said unto Balaam , I called thee to curse mine enemies , and , behold , thou hast altogether blessed them these three times .
" No ," replied Lucy , " not to Mr . ROBERT Ferrars -- I never saw him in my life ; but ," fixing her eyes upon Elinor , " to his eldest brother ."
19 : 17 He that hath pity upon the poor lendeth unto the LORD ; and that which he hath given will he pay him again .
8 : 6 And it came to pass at the end of forty days , that Noah opened the window of the ark which he had made : 8 : 7 And he sent forth a raven , which went forth to and fro , until the waters were dried up from off the earth .
146 : 6 Which made heaven , and earth , the sea , and all that therein is : which keepeth truth for ever :
29 : 13 And thou shalt take all the fat that covereth the inwards , and the caul that is above the liver , and the two kidneys , and the fat that is upon them , and burn them upon the altar .
11 : 20 But if I with the finger of God cast out devils , no doubt the kingdom of God is come upon you .
18 : 1 Now it came to pass in the third year of Hoshea son of Elah king of Israel , that Hezekiah the son of Ahaz king of Judah began to reign .
and upon whom doth not his light arise ?
34 : 6 My sheep wandered through all the mountains , and upon every high hill : yea , my flock was scattered upon all the face of the earth , and none did search or seek after them .
But I am not afraid of your seeing what he writes ."
22 : 15 Foolishness is bound in the heart of a child ; but the rod of correction shall drive it far from him .
Not aware of their being in town , however , I blundered on Sir John , I believe , the first day of his coming , and the day after I had called at Mrs . Jennings ' s .
41 : 27 The first shall say to Zion , Behold , behold them : and I will give to Jerusalem one that bringeth good tidings .
This was agreed upon between the two friends as the only thing to be done ; and Colonel Wallis was to assist in every way that he could .
24 : 36 But of that day and hour knoweth no man , no , not the angels of heaven , but my Father only .
THE CLOD AND THE PEBBLE
21 : 24 This is the disciple which testifieth of these things , and wrote these things : and we know that his testimony is true .
27 : 8 For what is the hope of the hypocrite , though he hath gained , when God taketh away his soul ?
Used only to a large house himself , and without ever thinking how many advantages and accommodations were attached to its size , he could be no judge of the privations inevitably belonging to a small one .
7 : 2 It is better to go to the house of mourning , than to go to the house of feasting : for that is the end of all men ; and the living will lay it to his heart .
And the people said unto Saul , Do what seemeth good unto thee .
17 : 18 Let them be confounded that persecute me , but let not me be confounded : let them be dismayed , but let not me be dismayed : bring upon them the day of evil , and destroy them with double destruction .
And then there was such comfort in the very easy distance of Randalls from Hartfield , so convenient for even solitary female walking , and in Mr . Weston ' s disposition and circumstances , which would make the approaching season no hindrance to their spending half the evenings in the week together .
13 : 2 What ye know , the same do I know also : I am not inferior unto you .
4 : 15 And he said , Call her .
" Well ," said Mrs . Weston , smiling , " you give him credit for more simple , disinterested benevolence in this instance than I do ; for while Miss Bates was speaking , a suspicion darted into my head , and I have never been able to get it out again .
Let him know me to be a friend of yours , and then he will think little of the trouble required , which it is very natural for him now , with so many affairs and engagements of his own , to avoid and get rid of as he can ; very natural , perhaps .
20 : 11 But Mary stood without at the sepulchre weeping : and as she wept , she stooped down , and looked into the sepulchre , 20 : 12 And seeth two angels in white sitting , the one at the head , and the other at the feet , where the body of Jesus had lain .
25 : 14 The secret of the LORD is with them that fear him ; and he will shew them his covenant .
3 : 15 Let us therefore , as many as be perfect , be thus minded : and if in any thing ye be otherwise minded , God shall reveal even this unto you .
119 : 95 The wicked have waited for me to destroy me : but I will consider thy testimonies .
Sir Walter , however , would choose his own means , and at last wrote a very fine letter of ample explanation , regret , and entreaty , to his right honourable cousin .
7 : 22 And the LORD spake unto Moses , saying , 7 : 23 Speak unto the children of Israel , saying , Ye shall eat no manner of fat , of ox , or of sheep , or of goat .
Don ' t disturb him .
7 : 25 Let not thine heart decline to her ways , go not astray in her paths .
Anne ' s shudderings were to herself alone ; but the Miss Musgroves could be as open as they were sincere , in their exclamations of pity and horror .
3 : 14 And he ordained twelve , that they should be with him , and that he might send them forth to preach , 3 : 15 And to have power to heal sicknesses , and to cast out devils : 3 : 16 And Simon he surnamed Peter ; 3 : 17 And James the son of Zebedee , and John the brother of James ; and he surnamed them Boanerges , which is , The sons of thunder : 3 : 18 And Andrew , and Philip , and Bartholomew , and Matthew , and Thomas , and James the son of Alphaeus , and Thaddaeus , and Simon the Canaanite , 3 : 19 And Judas Iscariot , which also betrayed him : and they went into an house .
3 : 13 But ye , brethren , be not weary in well doing .
15 : 17 And they clothed him with purple , and platted a crown of thorns , and put it about his head , 15 : 18 And began to salute him , Hail , King of the Jews !
If we love one another , God dwelleth in us , and his love is perfected in us .
43 : 25 I , even I , am he that blotteth out thy transgressions for mine own sake , and will not remember thy sins .
They proceed from no misconduct , and can bring no disgrace .
It was all my doing , I know .
13 : 5 Examine yourselves , whether ye be in the faith ; prove your own selves .
Such was Jane Fairfax ' s history .
Mr Elliot came back accordingly ; and on application was forgiven , as you know , and re - admitted into the family ; and there it was his constant object , and his only object ( till your arrival added another motive ), to watch Sir Walter and Mrs Clay .
He was to leave them early the next day ; and he soon began with --
" This is a pleasure ," said he , in rather a low voice , " coming at least ten minutes earlier than I had calculated .
At first , if you had not told me that more wonderful things had happened ; that there had been matches of greater disparity ( those were your very words );-- I should not have dared to give way to -- I should not have thought it possible -- But if _you_ , who had been always acquainted with him --"
It was accepted ; and from that period Jane had belonged to Colonel Campbell ' s family , and had lived with them entirely , only visiting her grandmother from time to time .
2 : 11 I will also cause all her mirth to cease , her feast days , her new moons , and her sabbaths , and all her solemn feasts .
" Yes , yes , I understand you .
90 : 5 Thou carriest them away as with a flood ; they are as a sleep : in the morning they are like grass which groweth up .
--
they care no more about such things !--"
" If we can persuade your father to all this ," said Lady Russell , looking over her paper , " much may be done .
" Was it from Avignon ?
15 : 12 Then came his disciples , and said unto him , Knowest thou that the Pharisees were offended , after they heard this saying ?
8 : 4 And the king talked with Gehazi the servant of the man of God , saying , Tell me , I pray thee , all the great things that Elisha hath done .
74 : 15 Thou didst cleave the fountain and the flood : thou driedst up mighty rivers .
Mr Elliot would do nothing , and she could do nothing herself , equally disabled from personal exertion by her state of bodily weakness , and from employing others by her want of money .
14 : 13 For thou hast said in thine heart , I will ascend into heaven , I will exalt my throne above the stars of God : I will sit also upon the mount of the congregation , in the sides of the north : 14 : 14 I will ascend above the heights of the clouds ; I will be like the most High .
39 : 23 The keeper of the prison looked not to any thing that was under his hand ; because the LORD was with him , and that which he did , the LORD made it to prosper .
never can it be !
29 : 1 Moreover Job continued his parable , and said , 29 : 2 Oh that I were as in months past , as in the days when God preserved me ; 29 : 3 When his candle shined upon my head , and when by his light I walked through darkness ; 29 : 4 As I was in the days of my youth , when the secret of God was upon my tabernacle ; 29 : 5 When the Almighty was yet with me , when my children were about me ; 29 : 6 When I washed my steps with butter , and the rock poured me out rivers of oil ; 29 : 7 When I went out to the gate through the city , when I prepared my seat in the street !
4 : 21 What will ye ?
3 : 34 Surely he scorneth the scorners : but he giveth grace unto the lowly .
11 : 20 For ye suffer , if a man bring you into bondage , if a man devour you , if a man take of you , if a man exalt himself , if a man smite you on the face .
For the ark of God was at that time with the children of Israel .
123 : 2 Behold , as the eyes of servants look unto the hand of their masters , and as the eyes of a maiden unto the hand of her mistress ; so our eyes wait upon the LORD our God , until that he have mercy upon us .
12 : 27 And at the dedication of the wall of Jerusalem they sought the Levites out of all their places , to bring them to Jerusalem , to keep the dedication with gladness , both with thanksgivings , and with singing , with cymbals , psalteries , and with harps .
When people come into a beautiful country of this sort , you know , Miss Woodhouse , one naturally wishes them to see as much as possible ; and Mr . Suckling is extremely fond of exploring .
42 : 37 And Reuben spake unto his father , saying , Slay my two sons , if I bring him not to thee : deliver him into my hand , and I will bring him to thee again .
3 : 5 I charge you , O ye daughters of Jerusalem , by the roes , and by the hinds of the field , that ye stir not up , nor awake my love , till he please .
32 : 13 He made him ride on the high places of the earth , that he might eat the increase of the fields ; and he made him to suck honey out of the rock , and oil out of the flinty rock ; 32 : 14 Butter of kine , and milk of sheep , with fat of lambs , and rams of the breed of Bashan , and goats , with the fat of kidneys of wheat ; and thou didst drink the pure blood of the grape .
" What an amiable creature I was !-- No wonder you should hold my speeches in such affectionate remembrance ."
12 : 36 But I say unto you , That every idle word that men shall speak , they shall give account thereof in the day of judgment .
behold , heaven and the heaven of heavens cannot contain thee ; how much less this house which I have built !
They would not listen to scruples : he was obeyed ; they were all beneath his roof ; and while Louisa , under Mrs Harville ' s direction , was conveyed up stairs , and given possession of her own bed , assistance , cordials , restoratives were supplied by her husband to all who needed them .
18 : 6 For he clave to the LORD , and departed not from following him , but kept his commandments , which the LORD commanded Moses .
28 : 13 And the king said unto her , Be not afraid : for what sawest thou ?
8 : 10 And straightway he entered into a ship with his disciples , and came into the parts of Dalmanutha .
7 : 19 And they shall come , and shall rest all of them in the desolate valleys , and in the holes of the rocks , and upon all thorns , and upon all bushes .
26 : 25 And his brethren by Eliezer ; Rehabiah his son , and Jeshaiah his son , and Joram his son , and Zichri his son , and Shelomith his son .
Willoughby , " poor Willoughby ," as she now allowed herself to call him , was constantly in her thoughts ; she would not but have heard his vindication for the world , and now blamed , now acquitted herself for having judged him so harshly before .
The worn - out past was sunk in the freshness of what was coming ; and in the rapidity of half a moment ' s thought , she hoped Mr . Elton would now be talked of no more .
said she , " Elinor will , in all probability be settled for life .
18 : 43 And immediately he received his sight , and followed him , glorifying God : and all the people , when they saw it , gave praise unto God .
We measured the dining - room , and found it would hold exactly eighteen couple , and the affair was arranged precisely after my plan .
22 : 10 And Abraham stretched forth his hand , and took the knife to slay his son .
28 : 1 Surely there is a vein for the silver , and a place for gold where they fine it .
40 : 8 And they said unto him , We have dreamed a dream , and there is no interpreter of it .
19 : 3 And they said unto him , Thus saith Hezekiah , This day is a day of trouble , and of rebuke , and blasphemy ; for the children are come to the birth , and there is not strength to bring forth .
Can a devil open the eyes of the blind ?
" Yes , Mr . Dixon and Miss Campbell were the persons ; and I thought it a very strong proof ."
I , you may well believe , could talk of nothing but my child ;-- he could not conceal his distress ; I saw that it equalled my own , and he perhaps , thinking that mere friendship , as the world now goes , would not justify so warm a sympathy -- or rather , not thinking at all , I suppose -- giving way to irresistible feelings , made me acquainted with his earnest , tender , constant , affection for Marianne .
7 : 1 In the first year of Belshazzar king of Babylon Daniel had a dream and visions of his head upon his bed : then he wrote the dream , and told the sum of the matters .
There is always some talent in it .
18 : 19 But it came to pass at the time when Merab Saul ' s daughter should have been given to David , that she was given unto Adriel the Meholathite to wife .
48 : 7 For because thou hast trusted in thy works and in thy treasures , thou shalt also be taken : and Chemosh shall go forth into captivity with his priests and his princes together .
118 : 29 O give thanks unto the LORD ; for he is good : for his mercy endureth for ever .
She would have been too happy but for poor Harriet ; but every blessing of her own seemed to involve and advance the sufferings of her friend , who must now be even excluded from Hartfield .
1 : 18 As for their rings , they were so high that they were dreadful ; and their rings were full of eyes round about them four .
16 : 12 Then understood they how that he bade them not beware of the leaven of bread , but of the doctrine of the Pharisees and of the Sadducees .
25 : 8 He will swallow up death in victory ; and the Lord GOD will wipe away tears from off all faces ; and the rebuke of his people shall he take away from off all the earth : for the LORD hath spoken it .
for the LORD hath added grief to my sorrow ; I fainted in my sighing , and I find no rest .
Night is worn , And the morn Rises from the slumbrous mass .
92 : 4 For thou , LORD , hast made me glad through thy work : I will triumph in the works of thy hands .
This , to Anne , was a decided imperfection .
shall I come before him with burnt offerings , with calves of a year old ?
" He had been introduced to Sir Walter and your sister before I was acquainted with him , but I heard him speak of them for ever .
" Your behaviour was certainly very wrong ," said she ; " because -- to say nothing of my own conviction , our relations were all led away by it to fancy and expect WHAT , as you were THEN situated , could never be ."
41 : 1 Afterward he brought me to the temple , and measured the posts , six cubits broad on the one side , and six cubits broad on the other side , which was the breadth of the tabernacle .
2 : 11 And Mordecai walked every day before the court of the women ' s house , to know how Esther did , and what should become of her .
12 : 1 And there appeared a great wonder in heaven ; a woman clothed with the sun , and the moon under her feet , and upon her head a crown of twelve stars : 12 : 2 And she being with child cried , travailing in birth , and pained to be delivered .
And Samuel hewed Agag in pieces before the LORD in Gilgal .
But I said , My leanness , my leanness , woe unto me !
or what evil is in mine hand ?
But though so much of the matter was known to them already , that Mrs . Jennings might have had enough to do in spreading that knowledge farther , without seeking after more , she had resolved from the first to pay a visit of comfort and inquiry to her cousins as soon as she could ; and nothing but the hindrance of more visitors than usual , had prevented her going to them within that time .
21 : 25 In those days there was no king in Israel : every man did that which was right in his own eyes .
16 : 2 And the first went , and poured out his vial upon the earth ; and there fell a noisome and grievous sore upon the men which had the mark of the beast , and upon them which worshipped his image .
It should not , must not be a struggle ."
16 : 12 I have yet many things to say unto you , but ye cannot bear them now .
" This was really his ," said Harriet .--" Do not you remember one morning ?-- no , I dare say you do not .
10 : 5 Therefore the five kings of the Amorites , the king of Jerusalem , the king of Hebron , the king of Jarmuth , the king of Lachish , the king of Eglon , gathered themselves together , and went up , they and all their hosts , and encamped before Gibeon , and made war against it .
And there was a division among them .
46 : 5 To whom will ye liken me , and make me equal , and compare me , that we may be like ?
He is highly esteemed by all the family at the park , and I never see him myself without taking pains to converse with him ."
10 : 34 Jesus answered them , Is it not written in your law , I said , Ye are gods ?
now advise , and see what answer I shall return to him that sent me .
In half an hour the arrowroot was returned , with a thousand thanks from Miss Bates , but " dear Jane would not be satisfied without its being sent back ; it was a thing she could not take -- and , moreover , she insisted on her saying , that she was not at all in want of any thing ."
On its being proposed , Anne offered her services , as usual ; and though her eyes would sometimes fill with tears as she sat at the instrument , she was extremely glad to be employed , and desired nothing in return but to be unobserved .
20 : 19 I am one of them that are peaceable and faithful in Israel : thou seekest to destroy a city and a mother in Israel : why wilt thou swallow up the inheritance of the LORD ?
29 : 3 And thou shalt put them into one basket , and bring them in the basket , with the bullock and the two rams .
21 : 7 Now a certain man of the servants of Saul was there that day , detained before the LORD ; and his name was Doeg , an Edomite , the chiefest of the herdmen that belonged to Saul .
said he , ` I do think I can fasten the rivet ; I like a job of this kind excessively .'
Weston .]
or who can come to him with his double bridle ?
to his own master he standeth or falleth .
24 : 3 The land shall be utterly emptied , and utterly spoiled : for the LORD hath spoken this word .
4 : 3 Your eyes have seen what the LORD did because of Baalpeor : for all the men that followed Baalpeor , the LORD thy God hath destroyed them from among you .
65 : 15 And ye shall leave your name for a curse unto my chosen : for the Lord GOD shall slay thee , and call his servants by another name : 65 : 16 That he who blesseth himself in the earth shall bless himself in the God of truth ; and he that sweareth in the earth shall swear by the God of truth ; because the former troubles are forgotten , and because they are hid from mine eyes .
So none of the people tasted any food .
22 : 7 And I fell unto the ground , and heard a voice saying unto me , Saul , Saul , why persecutest thou me ?
pray , Miss Margaret , let us know all about it ," said Mrs . Jennings .
15 : 10 If ye keep my commandments , ye shall abide in my love ; even as I have kept my Father ' s commandments , and abide in his love .
3 : 3 Are ye so foolish ?
" To be sure ," continued Lucy , after a few minutes silence on both sides , " his mother must provide for him sometime or other ; but poor Edward is so cast down by it !
A cold stormy rain set in , and nothing of July appeared but in the trees and shrubs , which the wind was despoiling , and the length of the day , which only made such cruel sights the longer visible .
If they have persecuted me , they will also persecute you ; if they have kept my saying , they will keep yours also .
3 : 55 I called upon thy name , O LORD , out of the low dungeon .
The Second Book of the Chronicles
2 : 20 Then answered I them , and said unto them , The God of heaven , he will prosper us ; therefore we his servants will arise and build : but ye have no portion , nor right , nor memorial , in Jerusalem .
When he came to Miss Woodhouse , he was obliged to read the whole of it aloud -- all that related to her , with a smile ; a look ; a shake of the head ; a word or two of assent , or disapprobation ; or merely of love , as the subject required ; concluding , however , seriously , and , after steady reflection , thus --
" Yes , you were very cross ; and I do not know what about , except that you were too late for the best strawberries .
2 : 39 And after thee shall arise another kingdom inferior to thee , and another third kingdom of brass , which shall bear rule over all the earth .
dear , how beautiful these are !
8 : 24 Wherefore shew ye to them , and before the churches , the proof of your love , and of our boasting on your behalf .
21 : 28 And thou , son of man , prophesy and say , Thus saith the Lord GOD concerning the Ammonites , and concerning their reproach ; even say thou , The sword , the sword is drawn : for the slaughter it is furbished , to consume because of the glittering : 21 : 29 Whiles they see vanity unto thee , whiles they divine a lie unto thee , to bring thee upon the necks of them that are slain , of the wicked , whose day is come , when their iniquity shall have an end .
Yes ; he had done it .
10 : 1 And when he had called unto him his twelve disciples , he gave them power against unclean spirits , to cast them out , and to heal all manner of sickness and all manner of disease .
8 : 16 And all the people that were in Ai were called together to pursue after them : and they pursued after Joshua , and were drawn away from the city .
30 : 3 For they could not keep it at that time , because the priests had not sanctified themselves sufficiently , neither had the people gathered themselves together to Jerusalem .
And _she_ appears so truly good -- there is something so motherly and kind - hearted about her , that it wins upon one directly .
5 : 13 For , brethren , ye have been called unto liberty ; only use not liberty for an occasion to the flesh , but by love serve one another .
28 : 13 He that covereth his sins shall not prosper : but whoso confesseth and forsaketh them shall have mercy .
23 : 24 Asahel the brother of Joab was one of the thirty ; Elhanan the son of Dodo of Bethlehem , 23 : 25 Shammah the Harodite , Elika the Harodite , 23 : 26 Helez the Paltite , Ira the son of Ikkesh the Tekoite , 23 : 27 Abiezer the Anethothite , Mebunnai the Hushathite , 23 : 28 Zalmon the Ahohite , Maharai the Netophathite , 23 : 29 Heleb the son of Baanah , a Netophathite , Ittai the son of Ribai out of Gibeah of the children of Benjamin , 23 : 30 Benaiah the Pirathonite , Hiddai of the brooks of Gaash , 23 : 31 Abialbon the Arbathite , Azmaveth the Barhumite , 23 : 32 Eliahba the Shaalbonite , of the sons of Jashen , Jonathan , 23 : 33 Shammah the Hararite , Ahiam the son of Sharar the Hararite , 23 : 34 Eliphelet the son of Ahasbai , the son of the Maachathite , Eliam the son of Ahithophel the Gilonite , 23 : 35 Hezrai the Carmelite , Paarai the Arbite , 23 : 36 Igal the son of Nathan of Zobah , Bani the Gadite , 23 : 37 Zelek the Ammonite , Nahari the Beerothite , armourbearer to Joab the son of Zeruiah , 23 : 38 Ira an Ithrite , Gareb an Ithrite , 23 : 39 Uriah the Hittite : thirty and seven in all .
10 : 32 Whosoever therefore shall confess me before men , him will I confess also before my Father which is in heaven .
Elinor could hardly keep her countenance as she assented to the hardship of such an obligation .
23 : 25 For David said , The LORD God of Israel hath given rest unto his people , that they may dwell in Jerusalem for ever : 23 : 26 And also unto the Levites ; they shall no more carry the tabernacle , nor any vessels of it for the service thereof .
In the evening , when they were all three together , Marianne began voluntarily to speak of him again ;-- but that it was not without an effort , the restless , unquiet thoughtfulness in which she had been for some time previously sitting -- her rising colour , as she spoke ,-- and her unsteady voice , plainly shewed .
23 : 8 The sons of Laadan ; the chief was Jehiel , and Zetham , and Joel , three .
2 : 16 And they said unto him , Behold now , there be with thy servants fifty strong men ; let them go , we pray thee , and seek thy master : lest peradventure the Spirit of the LORD hath taken him up , and cast him upon some mountain , or into some valley .
Mary ' s declaration was , " I hate sending the children to the Great House , though their grandmamma is always wanting to see them , for she humours and indulges them to such a degree , and gives them so much trash and sweet things , that they are sure to come back sick and cross for the rest of the day ."
28 : 25 And when they agreed not among themselves , they departed , after that Paul had spoken one word , Well spake the Holy Ghost by Esaias the prophet unto our fathers , 28 : 26 Saying , Go unto this people , and say , Hearing ye shall hear , and shall not understand ; and seeing ye shall see , and not perceive : 28 : 27 For the heart of this people is waxed gross , and their ears are dull of hearing , and their eyes have they closed ; lest they should see with their eyes , and hear with their ears , and understand with their heart , and should be converted , and I should heal them .
It was very well known that no affection was ever supposed to exist between the children of any man by different marriages ; and why was he to ruin himself , and their poor little Harry , by giving away all his money to his half sisters ?
24 : 6 And the king called for Jehoiada the chief , and said unto him , Why hast thou not required of the Levites to bring in out of Judah and out of Jerusalem the collection , according to the commandment of Moses the servant of the LORD , and of the congregation of Israel , for the tabernacle of witness ?
In seasons of cheerfulness , no temper could be more cheerful than hers , or possess , in a greater degree , that sanguine expectation of happiness which is happiness itself .
Elinor remembered what Robert had told her in Harley Street , of his opinion of what his own mediation in his brother ' s affairs might have done , if applied to in time .
8 : 24 And it came to pass , when Israel had made an end of slaying all the inhabitants of Ai in the field , in the wilderness wherein they chased them , and when they were all fallen on the edge of the sword , until they were consumed , that all the Israelites returned unto Ai , and smote it with the edge of the sword .
14 : 35 The king ' s favour is toward a wise servant : but his wrath is against him that causeth shame .
" We will not allow her to do such a thing again :"-- and nodding significantly --" there must be some arrangement made , there must indeed .
or a shark ?
89 : 44 Thou hast made his glory to cease , and cast his throne down to the ground .
5 : 24 And these were the heads of the house of their fathers , even Epher , and Ishi , and Eliel , and Azriel , and Jeremiah , and Hodaviah , and Jahdiel , mighty men of valour , famous men , and heads of the house of their fathers .
18 : 9 Then spake the Lord to Paul in the night by a vision , Be not afraid , but speak , and hold not thy peace : 18 : 10 For I am with thee , and no man shall set on thee to hurt thee : for I have much people in this city .
26 : 14 As for me , behold , I am in your hand : do with me as seemeth good and meet unto you .
I know it has .
10 : 38 And the priest the son of Aaron shall be with the Levites , when the Levites take tithes : and the Levites shall bring up the tithe of the tithes unto the house of our God , to the chambers , into the treasure house .
20 : 19 And the children of Israel rose up in the morning , and encamped against Gibeah .
2 : 1 And the third day there was a marriage in Cana of Galilee ; and the mother of Jesus was there : 2 : 2 And both Jesus was called , and his disciples , to the marriage .
His person and air were equal to what her fancy had ever drawn for the hero of a favourite story ; and in his carrying her into the house with so little previous formality , there was a rapidity of thought which particularly recommended the action to her .
32 : 8 So Hanameel mine uncle ' s son came to me in the court of the prison according to the word of the LORD , and said unto me , Buy my field , I pray thee , that is in Anathoth , which is in the country of Benjamin : for the right of inheritance is thine , and the redemption is thine ; buy it for thyself .
3 : 5 But it came to pass , when Ahab was dead , that the king of Moab rebelled against the king of Israel .
We never can expect to prove any thing upon such a point .
22 : 5 But they made light of it , and went their ways , one to his farm , another to his merchandise : 22 : 6 And the remnant took his servants , and entreated them spitefully , and slew them .
and what hast thou that thou didst not receive ?
hardly could I believe the melancholy and sickly figure before me , to be the remains of the lovely , blooming , healthful girl , on whom I had once doted .
15 : 11 Then three thousand men of Judah went to the top of the rock Etam , and said to Samson , Knowest thou not that the Philistines are rulers over us ?
74 : 18 Remember this , that the enemy hath reproached , O LORD , and that the foolish people have blasphemed thy name .
10 : 9 Then all the men of Judah and Benjamin gathered themselves together unto Jerusalem within three days .
I wish Frederick would spread a little more canvass , and bring us home one of these young ladies to Kellynch .
45 : 22 To all of them he gave each man changes of raiment ; but to Benjamin he gave three hundred pieces of silver , and five changes of raiment .
Think not thou canst sigh a sigh , And thy Maker is not by : Think not thou canst weep a tear , And thy Maker is not year .
89 : 21 With whom my hand shall be established : mine arm also shall strengthen him .
27 : 6 And now have I given all these lands into the hand of Nebuchadnezzar the king of Babylon , my servant ; and the beasts of the field have I given him also to serve him .
Little had Mrs . Dashwood or her daughters imagined when they first came into Devonshire , that so many engagements would arise to occupy their time as shortly presented themselves , or that they should have such frequent invitations and such constant visitors as to leave them little leisure for serious employment .
He stood his chance for the rest ; wrote up for leave of absence , but without waiting the return , travelled night and day till he got to Portsmouth , rowed off to the Grappler that instant , and never left the poor fellow for a week .
1 : 11 Moreover the word of the LORD came unto me , saying , Jeremiah , what seest thou ?
48 : 17 And the suburbs of the city shall be toward the north two hundred and fifty , and toward the south two hundred and fifty , and toward the east two hundred and fifty , and toward the west two hundred and fifty .
29 : 1 Hezekiah began to reign when he was five and twenty years old , and he reigned nine and twenty years in Jerusalem .
25 : 18 Then Abigail made haste , and took two hundred loaves , and two bottles of wine , and five sheep ready dressed , and five measures of parched corn , and an hundred clusters of raisins , and two hundred cakes of figs , and laid them on asses .
" Whoever Colonel Campbell might employ ," said Frank Churchill , with a smile at Emma , " the person has not chosen ill .
And Hezekiah wept sore .
22 : 38 And they said , Lord , behold , here are two swords .
4 : 39 And he stood over her , and rebuked the fever ; and it left her : and immediately she arose and ministered unto them .
" Henry is a fine boy , but John is very like his mama .
Busy as he was , however , the young man was yet able to shew a most happy countenance on seeing Emma again .
2 : 1 Thus saith the LORD ; For three transgressions of Moab , and for four , I will not turn away the punishment thereof ; because he burned the bones of the king of Edom into lime : 2 : 2 But I will send a fire upon Moab , and it shall devour the palaces of Kirioth : and Moab shall die with tumult , with shouting , and with the sound of the trumpet : 2 : 3 And I will cut off the judge from the midst thereof , and will slay all the princes thereof with him , saith the LORD .
44 : 7 And they said unto him , Wherefore saith my lord these words ?
22 : 23 Now therefore , behold , the LORD hath put a lying spirit in the mouth of all these thy prophets , and the LORD hath spoken evil concerning thee .
8 : 10 Take counsel together , and it shall come to nought ; speak the word , and it shall not stand : for God is with us .
78 : 48 He gave up their cattle also to the hail , and their flocks to hot thunderbolts .
Then followed the history and rise of the ancient and respectable family , in the usual terms ; how it had been first settled in Cheshire ; how mentioned in Dugdale , serving the office of high sheriff , representing a borough in three successive parliaments , exertions of loyalty , and dignity of baronet , in the first year of Charles II , with all the Marys and Elizabeths they had married ; forming altogether two handsome duodecimo pages , and concluding with the arms and motto :--" Principal seat , Kellynch Hall , in the county of Somerset ," and Sir Walter ' s handwriting again in this finale :--
2 : 19 Arise , cry out in the night : in the beginning of the watches pour out thine heart like water before the face of the LORD : lift up thy hands toward him for the life of thy young children , that faint for hunger in the top of every street .
This wretched note was the finale of Emma ' s breakfast .
And Hezekiah said , They are come from a far country , even from Babylon .
He recommended it for all the children , but particularly for the weakness in little Bella ' s throat ,-- both sea air and bathing ."
20 : 4 Knowest thou not this of old , since man was placed upon earth , 20 : 5 That the triumphing of the wicked is short , and the joy of the hypocrite but for a moment ?
41 : 10 Then Ishmael carried away captive all the residue of the people that were in Mizpah , even the king ' s daughters , and all the people that remained in Mizpah , whom Nebuzaradan the captain of the guard had committed to Gedaliah the son of Ahikam : and Ishmael the son of Nethaniah carried them away captive , and departed to go over to the Ammonites .
11 : 17 And Jehoiada made a covenant between the LORD and the king and the people , that they should be the LORD ' s people ; between the king also and the people .
24 : 25 Behold , I have told you before .
But I have done with expecting any course of steady reading from Emma .
24 : 7 And thou shalt put pure frankincense upon each row , that it may be on the bread for a memorial , even an offering made by fire unto the LORD .
6 : 12 And he stood before the altar of the LORD in the presence of all the congregation of Israel , and spread forth his hands : 6 : 13 For Solomon had made a brasen scaffold of five cubits long , and five cubits broad , and three cubits high , and had set it in the midst of the court : and upon it he stood , and kneeled down upon his knees before all the congregation of Israel , and spread forth his hands toward heaven .
She thought he was often looking at her , and trying for a fuller view of her face than it suited her to give .
7 : 7 And Joshua said , Alas , O LORD God , wherefore hast thou at all brought this people over Jordan , to deliver us into the hand of the Amorites , to destroy us ?
We must be serious and decided ; for after all , the person who has contracted debts must pay them ; and though a great deal is due to the feelings of the gentleman , and the head of a house , like your father , there is still more due to the character of an honest man ."
She would rather busy herself about any thing than speak .
2 : 52 And Jesus increased in wisdom and stature , and in favour with God and man .
24 : 53 And the servant brought forth jewels of silver , and jewels of gold , and raiment , and gave them to Rebekah : he gave also to her brother and to her mother precious things .
10 : 20 Then said he , Knowest thou wherefore I come unto thee ?
I do not wonder at you .
for since thou spakest of him , thou skippedst for joy .
She was now lying on the faded sofa of the pretty little drawing - room , the once elegant furniture of which had been gradually growing shabby , under the influence of four summers and two children ; and , on Anne ' s appearing , greeted her with --
15 : 26 The last enemy that shall be destroyed is death .
23 : 22 And Eleazar died , and had no sons , but daughters : and their brethren the sons of Kish took them .
I am sure I would rather do any thing in the world than be thought so by a person whose good opinion is so well worth having as yours .
8 : 9 And they which heard it , being convicted by their own conscience , went out one by one , beginning at the eldest , even unto the last : and Jesus was left alone , and the woman standing in the midst .
THE LITTLE BLACK BOY
Lucy looked at Elinor again , and was silent .
4 : 9 Those things , which ye have both learned , and received , and heard , and seen in me , do : and the God of peace shall be with you .
4 : 10 Humble yourselves in the sight of the Lord , and he shall lift you up .
55 : 13 But it was thou , a man mine equal , my guide , and mine acquaintance .
34 : 3 Ye eat the fat , and ye clothe you with the wool , ye kill them that are fed : but ye feed not the flock .
20 : 5 And he stooping down , and looking in , saw the linen clothes lying ; yet went he not in .
23 : 1 Then Job answered and said , 23 : 2 Even to day is my complaint bitter : my stroke is heavier than my groaning .
17 : 3 So he carried me away in the spirit into the wilderness : and I saw a woman sit upon a scarlet coloured beast , full of names of blasphemy , having seven heads and ten horns .
9 : 15 And for this cause he is the mediator of the new testament , that by means of death , for the redemption of the transgressions that were under the first testament , they which are called might receive the promise of eternal inheritance .
1 : 6 And this is love , that we walk after his commandments .
8 : 3 And another angel came and stood at the altar , having a golden censer ; and there was given unto him much incense , that he should offer it with the prayers of all saints upon the golden altar which was before the throne .
11 : 15 And he wrote in the letter , saying , Set ye Uriah in the forefront of the hottest battle , and retire ye from him , that he may be smitten , and die .
" Well , and how soon will he be ready ?-- For it seems all to depend upon that ."
6 : 6 So Haman came in .
And there were liers in wait abiding in the chamber .
Not that you have any reason to regret , my dear Elinor .
6 : 1 Come , and let us return unto the LORD : for he hath torn , and he will heal us ; he hath smitten , and he will bind us up .
2 : 20 For what glory is it , if , when ye be buffeted for your faults , ye shall take it patiently ?
Come , Miss Marianne , let us strike hands upon the bargain , and if Miss Dashwood will change her mind by and bye , why so much the better ."
5 : 40 And they laughed him to scorn .
14 : 40 Then said he unto all Israel , Be ye on one side , and I and Jonathan my son will be on the other side .
18 : 36 Jesus answered , My kingdom is not of this world : if my kingdom were of this world , then would my servants fight , that I should not be delivered to the Jews : but now is my kingdom not from hence .
1 : 43 The day following Jesus would go forth into Galilee , and findeth Philip , and saith unto him , Follow me .
8 : 41 Ye do the deeds of your father .
It was a concert for the benefit of a person patronised by Lady Dalrymple .
Ah !
30 : 7 And Bilhah Rachel ' s maid conceived again , and bare Jacob a second son .
27 : 29 Then fearing lest we should have fallen upon rocks , they cast four anchors out of the stern , and wished for the day .
" Yes ; and every delay makes one more apprehensive of other delays .
Willoughby may undoubtedly have very sufficient reasons for his conduct , and I will hope that he has .
6 : 25 Lust not after her beauty in thine heart ; neither let her take thee with her eyelids .
6 : 10 Are there yet the treasures of wickedness in the house of the wicked , and the scant measure that is abominable ?
4 : 18 And it came to pass , when he made mention of the ark of God , that he fell from off the seat backward by the side of the gate , and his neck brake , and he died : for he was an old man , and heavy .
The New Testament of the King James Bible
" Elinor ," cried Marianne , " is this fair ?
" I can answer for it that Miss Dashwood ' s is not ," said Mrs . Jennings , laughing heartily ; " for he is one of the modestest , prettiest behaved young men I ever saw ; but as for Lucy , she is such a sly little creature , there is no finding out who SHE likes ."
7 : 12 And ye suffer him no more to do ought for his father or his mother ; 7 : 13 Making the word of God of none effect through your tradition , which ye have delivered : and many such like things do ye .
You may think , Miss Elliot , whether he is dear to us !"
I smile because you smile , and shall probably suspect whatever I find you suspect ; but at present I do not see what there is to question .
So unlike what a man should be !-- None of that upright integrity , that strict adherence to truth and principle , that disdain of trick and littleness , which a man should display in every transaction of his life ."
Mr . Knightley had spoken prophetically , when he once said , " Emma , you have been no friend to Harriet Smith ."
What I am now doing indeed , seems nothing at all , since it can advance him so little towards what must be his principal , his only object of happiness .
2 : 26 Then Abner called to Joab , and said , Shall the sword devour for ever ?
" I promise you to make none for myself , papa ; but I must , indeed , for other people .
I have heard him , and observed him : I am like a green fir tree .
There does seem to be a something in the air of Hartfield which gives love exactly the right direction , and sends it into the very channel where it ought to flow .
4 : 5 Declare ye in Judah , and publish in Jerusalem ; and say , Blow ye the trumpet in the land : cry , gather together , and say , Assemble yourselves , and let us go into the defenced cities .
9 : 43 And they were all amazed at the mighty power of God .
And she answered , It is well : 4 : 27 And when she came to the man of God to the hill , she caught him by the feet : but Gehazi came near to thrust her away .
And he answered and said , Babylon is fallen , is fallen ; and all the graven images of her gods he hath broken unto the ground .
Mrs Charles Musgrove will , of course , wish to get back to her children ; but if Anne will stay , no one so proper , so capable as Anne ."
7 : 16 His mischief shall return upon his own head , and his violent dealing shall come down upon his own pate .
21 : 25 The baptism of John , whence was it ?
1 : 10 Yet the number of the children of Israel shall be as the sand of the sea , which cannot be measured nor numbered ; and it shall come to pass , that in the place where it was said unto them , Ye are not my people , there it shall be said unto them , Ye are the sons of the living God .
8 : 18 Also day by day , from the first day unto the last day , he read in the book of the law of God .
Mr Elliot ' s having any views on me will not in the least account for the efforts he made towards a reconciliation with my father .
33 : 47 And they removed from Almondiblathaim , and pitched in the mountains of Abarim , before Nebo .
" Robert Martin has no great loss -- if he can but think so ; and I hope it will not be long before he does .
Yet ye say , Wherein have we wearied him ?
we shall sit and gape at one another as dull as two cats ."
17 : 1 And Jehoshaphat his son reigned in his stead , and strengthened himself against Israel .
Harriet Smith ' s intimacy at Hartfield was soon a settled thing .
Wherefore he went again to meet him , and told him , saying , The child is not awaked .
10 : 24 And when they went in to offer sacrifices and burnt offerings , Jehu appointed fourscore men without , and said , If any of the men whom I have brought into your hands escape , he that letteth him go , his life shall be for the life of him .
" And if I did , ( which , however , I am far from allowing ) I should not feel that I had done wrong .
She felt that his influence over her mind was heightened by circumstances which ought not in reason to have weight ; by that person of uncommon attraction , that open , affectionate , and lively manner which it was no merit to possess ; and by that still ardent love for Marianne , which it was not even innocent to indulge .
22 : 5 He sent messengers therefore unto Balaam the son of Beor to Pethor , which is by the river of the land of the children of his people , to call him , saying , Behold , there is a people come out from Egypt : behold , they cover the face of the earth , and they abide over against me : 22 : 6 Come now therefore , I pray thee , curse me this people ; for they are too mighty for me : peradventure I shall prevail , that we may smite them , and that I may drive them out of the land : for I wot that he whom thou blessest is blessed , and he whom thou cursest is cursed .
53 : 6 All we like sheep have gone astray ; we have turned every one to his own way ; and the LORD hath laid on him the iniquity of us all .
41 : 15 And Pharaoh said unto Joseph , I have dreamed a dream , and there is none that can interpret it : and I have heard say of thee , that thou canst understand a dream to interpret it .
Is not this room rich in specimens of your landscapes and flowers ; and has not Mrs . Weston some inimitable figure - pieces in her drawing - room , at Randalls ?"
12 : 50 Thus did all the children of Israel ; as the LORD commanded Moses and Aaron , so did they .
" Our little friend Harriet Smith , however , is just such another pretty kind of young person .
44 : 9 With whomsoever of thy servants it be found , both let him die , and we also will be my lord ' s bondmen .
I must feel -- I must be wretched -- and they are welcome to enjoy the consciousness of it that can ."
18 : 35 Who are they among all the gods of the countries , that have delivered their country out of mine hand , that the LORD should deliver Jerusalem out of mine hand ?
The names which occasionally dropt of former associates , the allusions to former practices and pursuits , suggested suspicions not favourable of what he had been .
3 : 10 He was unto me as a bear lying in wait , and as a lion in secret places .
21 : 20 And Ornan turned back , and saw the angel ; and his four sons with him hid themselves .
15 : 27 And David was clothed with a robe of fine linen , and all the Levites that bare the ark , and the singers , and Chenaniah the master of the song with the singers : David also had upon him an ephod of linen .
Elinor was silent .
" Yes , yes , pray pass _me_ ," added her husband , with a sort of sneering consciousness ; " _I_ have nothing to say that can entertain Miss Woodhouse , or any other young lady .
41 : 16 Then took Johanan the son of Kareah , and all the captains of the forces that were with him , all the remnant of the people whom he had recovered from Ishmael the son of Nethaniah , from Mizpah , after that he had slain Gedaliah the son of Ahikam , even mighty men of war , and the women , and the children , and the eunuchs , whom he had brought again from Gibeon : 41 : 17 And they departed , and dwelt in the habitation of Chimham , which is by Bethlehem , to go to enter into Egypt , 41 : 18 Because of the Chaldeans : for they were afraid of them , because Ishmael the son of Nethaniah had slain Gedaliah the son of Ahikam , whom the king of Babylon made governor in the land .
23 : 5 In the fourteenth day of the first month at even is the LORD ' s passover .
7 : 42 Hath not the scripture said , That Christ cometh of the seed of David , and out of the town of Bethlehem , where David was ?
Understanding and gratification came together .
20 : 10 And Abimelech said unto Abraham , What sawest thou , that thou hast done this thing ?
13 : 34 And as concerning that he raised him up from the dead , now no more to return to corruption , he said on this wise , I will give you the sure mercies of David .
10 : 7 And let it be , when these signs are come unto thee , that thou do as occasion serve thee ; for God is with thee .
22 : 1 David therefore departed thence , and escaped to the cave Adullam : and when his brethren and all his father ' s house heard it , they went down thither to him .
In such circumstances , it was better for both that they should not be long together ; and the restless state of Marianne ' s mind not only prevented her from remaining in the room a moment after she was dressed , but requiring at once solitude and continual change of place , made her wander about the house till breakfast time , avoiding the sight of every body .
3 : 8 Was the LORD displeased against the rivers ?
said I , ` it is Miss Woodhouse : I am sure you will like to see her .'
7 : 19 Did not Moses give you the law , and yet none of you keepeth the law ?
2 : 23 And the scripture was fulfilled which saith , Abraham believed God , and it was imputed unto him for righteousness : and he was called the Friend of God .
You see he cannot put the card out of his hand ."
That is , I _presume_ it to be so on her side , and I can _answer_ for its being so on his .
Poor man !
7 : 10 And it came to pass after seven days , that the waters of the flood were upon the earth .
6 : 12 For who knoweth what is good for man in this life , all the days of his vain life which he spendeth as a shadow ?
3 : 17 Now the Lord is that Spirit : and where the Spirit of the Lord is , there is liberty .
6 : 30 Wherefore , if God so clothe the grass of the field , which to day is , and to morrow is cast into the oven , shall he not much more clothe you , O ye of little faith ?
50 : 11 Because ye were glad , because ye rejoiced , O ye destroyers of mine heritage , because ye are grown fat as the heifer at grass , and bellow as bulls ; 50 : 12 Your mother shall be sore confounded ; she that bare you shall be ashamed : behold , the hindermost of the nations shall be a wilderness , a dry land , and a desert .
Are no probabilities to be accepted , merely because they are not certainties ?
Praise ye the LORD .
9 : 1 Hear , O Israel : Thou art to pass over Jordan this day , to go in to possess nations greater and mightier than thyself , cities great and fenced up to heaven , 9 : 2 A people great and tall , the children of the Anakims , whom thou knowest , and of whom thou hast heard say , Who can stand before the children of Anak !
23 : 14 And , behold , this day I am going the way of all the earth : and ye know in all your hearts and in all your souls , that not one thing hath failed of all the good things which the LORD your God spake concerning you ; all are come to pass unto you , and not one thing hath failed thereof .
" Mrs . Palmer appeared quite well , and I am commissioned to tell you , that you will certainly see her to - morrow ."
5 : 7 And it was about the space of three hours after , when his wife , not knowing what was done , came in .
But , as it is , the disappointment is single , and , I trust , will not be lasting .
8 : 29 And at Gibeon dwelt the father of Gibeon ; whose wife ' s name was Maachah : 8 : 30 And his firstborn son Abdon , and Zur , and Kish , and Baal , and Nadab , 8 : 31 And Gedor , and Ahio , and Zacher .
44 : 20 Then Jeremiah said unto all the people , to the men , and to the women , and to all the people which had given him that answer , saying , 44 : 21 The incense that ye burned in the cities of Judah , and in the streets of Jerusalem , ye , and your fathers , your kings , and your princes , and the people of the land , did not the LORD remember them , and came it not into his mind ?
" No , not now , I thank you .
7 : 24 And when the messengers of John were departed , he began to speak unto the people concerning John , What went ye out into the wilderness for to see ?
40 : 6 Then went Jeremiah unto Gedaliah the son of Ahikam to Mizpah ; and dwelt with him among the people that were left in the land .
3 : 20 Surely as a wife treacherously departeth from her husband , so have ye dealt treacherously with me , O house of Israel , saith the LORD .
Such a woman as Jane Fairfax probably never fell in Mrs . Elton ' s way before -- and no degree of vanity can prevent her acknowledging her own comparative littleness in action , if not in consciousness ."
15 : 2 The tongue of the wise useth knowledge aright : but the mouth of fools poureth out foolishness .
hast thou not heard , that the everlasting God , the LORD , the Creator of the ends of the earth , fainteth not , neither is weary ?
is there any secret thing with thee ?
2 : 3 And through covetousness shall they with feigned words make merchandise of you : whose judgment now of a long time lingereth not , and their damnation slumbereth not .
6 : 9 Thus saith the LORD of hosts , They shall throughly glean the remnant of Israel as a vine : turn back thine hand as a grapegatherer into the baskets .
I saw Jane Fairfax and conversed with her , with admiration and pleasure always -- but with no thought beyond ."
3 : 10 For as many as are of the works of the law are under the curse : for it is written , Cursed is every one that continueth not in all things which are written in the book of the law to do them .
Now therefore advise thyself what word I shall bring again to him that sent me .
27 : 8 As a bird that wandereth from her nest , so is a man that wandereth from his place .
3 : 7 Now Samuel did not yet know the LORD , neither was the word of the LORD yet revealed unto him .
She will grow just refined enough to be uncomfortable with those among whom birth and circumstances have placed her home .
24 : 27 And beginning at Moses and all the prophets , he expounded unto them in all the scriptures the things concerning himself .
How could he answer it to himself to rob his child , and his only child too , of so large a sum ?
CHAPTER 17
And the LORD said , Arise , anoint him : for this is he .
12 : 23 And these are the numbers of the bands that were ready armed to the war , and came to David to Hebron , to turn the kingdom of Saul to him , according to the word of the LORD .
9 : 21 And so it was , when the cloud abode from even unto the morning , and that the cloud was taken up in the morning , then they journeyed : whether it was by day or by night that the cloud was taken up , they journeyed .
19 : 9 And he charged them , saying , Thus shall ye do in the fear of the LORD , faithfully , and with a perfect heart .
13 : 37 But if the scall be in his sight at a stay , and that there is black hair grown up therein ; the scall is healed , he is clean : and the priest shall pronounce him clean .
1 : 16 I communed with mine own heart , saying , Lo , I am come to great estate , and have gotten more wisdom than all they that have been before me in Jerusalem : yea , my heart had great experience of wisdom and knowledge .
18 : 14 For these nations , which thou shalt possess , hearkened unto observers of times , and unto diviners : but as for thee , the LORD thy God hath not suffered thee so to do .
7 : 8 Go ye up unto this feast : I go not up yet unto this feast : for my time is not yet full come .
44 : 13 Then they rent their clothes , and laded every man his ass , and returned to the city .
31 : 5 If I have walked with vanity , or if my foot hath hasted to deceit ; 31 : 6 Let me be weighed in an even balance that God may know mine integrity .
She had already repeated her own history to Elinor three or four times ; and had Elinor ' s memory been equal to her means of improvement , she might have known very early in their acquaintance all the particulars of Mr . Jenning ' s last illness , and what he said to his wife a few minutes before he died .
If the change be not from outward circumstances , it must be from within ; it must be nature , man ' s nature , which has done the business for Captain Benwick ."
14 : 29 And Jeroboam slept with his fathers , even with the kings of Israel ; and Zachariah his son reigned in his stead .
for he hath given the inhabitants of the land into mine hand ; and the land is subdued before the LORD , and before his people .
In every cry of every man , In every infant ' s cry of fear , In every voice , in every ban , The mind - forged manacles I hear :
In Edward ' s farewell there was no distinction between Elinor and me : it was the good wishes of an affectionate brother to both .
2 : 17 And yet they would not hearken unto their judges , but they went a whoring after other gods , and bowed themselves unto them : they turned quickly out of the way which their fathers walked in , obeying the commandments of the LORD ; but they did not so .
104 : 19 He appointed the moon for seasons : the sun knoweth his going down .
116 : 2 Because he hath inclined his ear unto me , therefore will I call upon him as long as I live .
9 : 32 And he lifted up his face to the window , and said , Who is on my side ?
He had not time to enter into much explanation .
It saves trouble , and is a something to get me out .
" Oh , la !
The Gospel According to Saint Matthew
5 : 26 And he will lift up an ensign to the nations from far , and will hiss unto them from the end of the earth : and , behold , they shall come with speed swiftly : 5 : 27 None shall be weary nor stumble among them ; none shall slumber nor sleep ; neither shall the girdle of their loins be loosed , nor the latchet of their shoes be broken : 5 : 28 Whose arrows are sharp , and all their bows bent , their horses ' hoofs shall be counted like flint , and their wheels like a whirlwind : 5 : 29 Their roaring shall be like a lion , they shall roar like young lions : yea , they shall roar , and lay hold of the prey , and shall carry it away safe , and none shall deliver it .
13 : 12 For whosoever hath , to him shall be given , and he shall have more abundance : but whosoever hath not , from him shall be taken away even that he hath .
51 : 43 Her cities are a desolation , a dry land , and a wilderness , a land wherein no man dwelleth , neither doth any son of man pass thereby .
13 : 14 Now Elisha was fallen sick of his sickness whereof he died .
ONE is my wealth !
But do not imagine that I did not feel it an evil in itself ."
60 : 22 A little one shall become a thousand , and a small one a strong nation : I the LORD will hasten it in his time .
" Oh !
Knightley .--" Emma , that I fear is a word -- No , I have no wish -- Stay , yes , why should I hesitate ?-- I have gone too far already for concealment .-- Emma , I accept your offer -- Extraordinary as it may seem , I accept it , and refer myself to you as a friend .-- Tell me , then , have I no chance of ever succeeding ?"
18 : 47 It is God that avengeth me , and subdueth the people under me .
there is more hope of a fool than of him .
" At Longstaple !"
saith the LORD .
1 : 6 Now there was a day when the sons of God came to present themselves before the LORD , and Satan came also among them .
Captain Harville had never been in good health since a severe wound which he received two years before , and Captain Wentworth ' s anxiety to see him had determined him to go immediately to Lyme .
My esteem for your whole family is very sincere ; but if I have been so unfortunate as to give rise to a belief of more than I felt , or meant to express , I shall reproach myself for not having been more guarded in my professions of that esteem .
I see thee like an infant wrapped in the Lillys leaf ; Ah weep not little voice , thou can ' st not speak , but thou can ' st weep : Is this a Worm ?
go to - day , go to - day .
42 : 7 And the wall that was without over against the chambers , toward the utter court on the forepart of the chambers , the length thereof was fifty cubits .
That ' s very like .
But here , Elinor could neither wonder nor blame ; and when she saw , as she assisted Marianne from the carriage , that she had been crying , she saw only an emotion too natural in itself to raise any thing less tender than pity , and in its unobtrusiveness entitled to praise .
23 : 10 Neither be ye called masters : for one is your Master , even Christ .
" Mr Elliot does not dislike his cousin , I fancy ?"
11 : 32 And the people stood up all that day , and all that night , and all the next day , and they gathered the quails : he that gathered least gathered ten homers : and they spread them all abroad for themselves round about the camp .
18 : 11 And Joab said unto the man that told him , And , behold , thou sawest him , and why didst thou not smite him there to the ground ?
21 : 6 But Levi and Benjamin counted he not among them : for the king ' s word was abominable to Joab .
I have not always known their writing apart ."
I hope she is well ?"
15 : 54 So when this corruptible shall have put on incorruption , and this mortal shall have put on immortality , then shall be brought to pass the saying that is written , Death is swallowed up in victory .
7 : 68 Their horses , seven hundred thirty and six : their mules , two hundred forty and five : 7 : 69 Their camels , four hundred thirty and five : six thousand seven hundred and twenty asses .
13 : 1 And the LORD spake unto Moses , saying , 13 : 2 Sanctify unto me all the firstborn , whatsoever openeth the womb among the children of Israel , both of man and of beast : it is mine .
And by came an angel , who had a bright key , And he opened the coffins , and let them all free ; Then down a green plain , leaping , laughing , they run , And wash in a river , and shine in the sun .
11 : 11 And Moses said unto the LORD , Wherefore hast thou afflicted thy servant ?
118 : 9 It is better to trust in the LORD than to put confidence in princes .
13 : 7 And they carried the ark of God in a new cart out of the house of Abinadab : and Uzza and Ahio drave the cart .
41 : 6 And , behold , seven thin ears and blasted with the east wind sprung up after them .
I dare say you have seen enough of Edward to know that he would prefer the church to every other profession ; now my plan is that he should take orders as soon as he can , and then through your interest , which I am sure you would be kind enough to use out of friendship for him , and I hope out of some regard to me , your brother might be persuaded to give him Norland living ; which I understand is a very good one , and the present incumbent not likely to live a great while .
" Oh !
are all workers of miracles ?
Miss Elliot , surrounded by her cousins , and the principal object of Colonel Wallis ' s gallantry , was quite contented .
-- What does this mean ?
" No , I cannot go to Cleveland ."
if you have not got your spotted muslin on !-- I wonder you was not afraid of its being torn ."
20 : 36 Like as I pleaded with your fathers in the wilderness of the land of Egypt , so will I plead with you , saith the Lord GOD .
35 : 12 There they cry , but none giveth answer , because of the pride of evil men .
28 : 9 The LORD shall establish thee an holy people unto himself , as he hath sworn unto thee , if thou shalt keep the commandments of the LORD thy God , and walk in his ways .
1 : 2 Vanity of vanities , saith the Preacher , vanity of vanities ; all is vanity .
2 : 6 Therefore thou hast forsaken thy people the house of Jacob , because they be replenished from the east , and are soothsayers like the Philistines , and they please themselves in the children of strangers .
" My feelings , you see , did not prevent my taking Mrs Harville and all her family to Plymouth ."
Edward was not entirely without hopes of some favourable change in his mother towards him ; and on THAT he rested for the residue of their income .
2 : 7 The children of Elam , a thousand two hundred fifty and four .
Like the doves voice , like transient day , like music in the air : Ah !
I will fetch your greatcoat and open the garden door for you ."
21 : 17 He that loveth pleasure shall be a poor man : he that loveth wine and oil shall not be rich .
30 : 6 Add thou not unto his words , lest he reprove thee , and thou be found a liar .
9 : 5 And of the Shilonites ; Asaiah the firstborn , and his sons .
8 : 8 How do ye say , We are wise , and the law of the LORD is with us ?
6 : 14 So Solomon built the house , and finished it .
If you could be supposed to be biased in any respect by your own feelings , your opinion would not be worth having ."
5 : 27 The leprosy therefore of Naaman shall cleave unto thee , and unto thy seed for ever .
I could not bear to have Henry supplanted .-- Mr . Knightley marry !-- No , I have never had such an idea , and I cannot adopt it now .
23 : 25 And like unto him was there no king before him , that turned to the LORD with all his heart , and with all his soul , and with all his might , according to all the law of Moses ; neither after him arose there any like him .
12 : 26 Again the word of the LORD came to me , saying .
19 : 11 And he said , Go forth , and stand upon the mount before the LORD .
This is also vanity .
14 : 27 And the LORD said not that he would blot out the name of Israel from under heaven : but he saved them by the hand of Jeroboam the son of Joash .
19 : 24 And again I say unto you , It is easier for a camel to go through the eye of a needle , than for a rich man to enter into the kingdom of God .
18 : 1 When Jethro , the priest of Midian , Moses ' father in law , heard of all that God had done for Moses , and for Israel his people , and that the LORD had brought Israel out of Egypt ; 18 : 2 Then Jethro , Moses ' father in law , took Zipporah , Moses ' wife , after he had sent her back , 18 : 3 And her two sons ; of which the name of the one was Gershom ; for he said , I have been an alien in a strange land : 18 : 4 And the name of the other was Eliezer ; for the God of my father , said he , was mine help , and delivered me from the sword of Pharaoh : 18 : 5 And Jethro , Moses ' father in law , came with his sons and his wife unto Moses into the wilderness , where he encamped at the mount of God : 18 : 6 And he said unto Moses , I thy father in law Jethro am come unto thee , and thy wife , and her two sons with her .
" He has been wanting to come to us ," continued Mr . Weston , " ever since September : every letter has been full of it ; but he cannot command his own time .
6 : 4 Then I answered and said unto the angel that talked with me , What are these , my lord ?
1 : 20 But ye , beloved , building up yourselves on your most holy faith , praying in the Holy Ghost , 1 : 21 Keep yourselves in the love of God , looking for the mercy of our Lord Jesus Christ unto eternal life .
11 : 15 For it came to pass , when David was in Edom , and Joab the captain of the host was gone up to bury the slain , after he had smitten every male in Edom ; 11 : 16 ( For six months did Joab remain there with all Israel , until he had cut off every male in Edom :) 11 : 17 That Hadad fled , he and certain Edomites of his father ' s servants with him , to go into Egypt ; Hadad being yet a little child .
Do you think he had the Elliot countenance ?
We always say what we like to one another ."
" Certainly -- very strong it was ; to own the truth , a great deal stronger than , if _I_ had been Miss Campbell , would have been at all agreeable to me .
Elinor read and returned it without any comment .
" The name of Anne Elliot ," said he , " has long had an interesting sound to me .
17 : 11 An evil man seeketh only rebellion : therefore a cruel messenger shall be sent against him .
18 : 29 And Saul was yet the more afraid of David ; and Saul became David ' s enemy continually .
So far was she , at the same time , from any backwardness to give Elinor that credit which Edward WOULD give her , that she spoke of her friendship for them both with the most grateful warmth , was ready to own all their obligation to her , and openly declared that no exertion for their good on Miss Dashwood ' s part , either present or future , would ever surprise her , for she believed her capable of doing any thing in the world for those she really valued .
10 : 20 Arise therefore , and get thee down , and go with them , doubting nothing : for I have sent them .
12 : 23 Moreover as for me , God forbid that I should sin against the LORD in ceasing to pray for you : but I will teach you the good and the right way : 12 : 24 Only fear the LORD , and serve him in truth with all your heart : for consider how great things he hath done for you .
14 : 5 And it was told the king of Egypt that the people fled : and the heart of Pharaoh and of his servants was turned against the people , and they said , Why have we done this , that we have let Israel go from serving us ?
4 : 21 Tell me , ye that desire to be under the law , do ye not hear the law ?
17 : 6 And his heart was lifted up in the ways of the LORD : moreover he took away the high places and groves out of Judah .
Knightley .-- It seemed as if there were an instantaneous impression in her favour , as if his eyes received the truth from her ' s , and all that had passed of good in her feelings were at once caught and honoured .-- He looked at her with a glow of regard .
take her , I pray thee , instead of her .
screamed Mary , catching hold of her husband , and contributing with his own horror to make him immoveable ; and in another moment , Henrietta , sinking under the conviction , lost her senses too , and would have fallen on the steps , but for Captain Benwick and Anne , who caught and supported her between them .
The Admiral ' s kind urgency came in support of his wife ' s ; they would not be refused ; they compressed themselves into the smallest possible space to leave her a corner , and Captain Wentworth , without saying a word , turned to her , and quietly obliged her to be assisted into the carriage .
20 : 14 Cursed be the day wherein I was born : let not the day wherein my mother bare me be blessed .
66 : 6 He turned the sea into dry land : they went through the flood on foot : there did we rejoice in him .
2 : 1 Why do the heathen rage , and the people imagine a vain thing ?
Anne ' s object was , not to be in the way of anybody ; and where the narrow paths across the fields made many separations necessary , to keep with her brother and sister .
Then come home , my children , the sun is gone down , And the dews of night arise ; Your spring and your day are wasted in play , And your winter and night in disguise .
14 : 13 When Jesus heard of it , he departed thence by ship into a desert place apart : and when the people had heard thereof , they followed him on foot out of the cities .
16 : 23 And when they had laid many stripes upon them , they cast them into prison , charging the jailor to keep them safely : 16 : 24 Who , having received such a charge , thrust them into the inner prison , and made their feet fast in the stocks .
Anne , far from wishing to cavil at the pleasure , replied , " I can easily believe it .
I honour that part of the attention particularly ; it shews it to have been so thoroughly from the heart .
21 : 23 Whoso keepeth his mouth and his tongue keepeth his soul from troubles .
22 : 17 I may tell all my bones : they look and stare upon me .
6 : 16 For men verily swear by the greater : and an oath for confirmation is to them an end of all strife .
20 : 21 And they asked him , saying , Master , we know that thou sayest and teachest rightly , neither acceptest thou the person of any , but teachest the way of God truly : 20 : 22 Is it lawful for us to give tribute unto Caesar , or no ?
17 : 14 And the children of Joseph spake unto Joshua , saying , Why hast thou given me but one lot and one portion to inherit , seeing I am a great people , forasmuch as the LORD hath blessed me hitherto ?
I shall go abroad for a couple of years -- and when I return , I shall come to you for my wife .
18 : 24 How then wilt thou turn away the face of one captain of the least of my master ' s servants , and put thy trust on Egypt for chariots and for horsemen ?
7 : 50 And he said to the woman , Thy faith hath saved thee ; go in peace .
God forbid that thy servants should do according to this thing : 44 : 8 Behold , the money , which we found in our sacks ' mouths , we brought again unto thee out of the land of Canaan : how then should we steal out of thy lord ' s house silver or gold ?
13 : 23 How many are mine iniquities and sins ?
18 : 35 Thou hast also given me the shield of thy salvation : and thy right hand hath holden me up , and thy gentleness hath made me great .
7 : 25 And Rephah was his son , also Resheph , and Telah his son , and Tahan his son .
22 : 16 And thou shalt take thine inheritance in thyself in the sight of the heathen , and thou shalt know that I am the LORD .
15 : 34 And they put him in ward , because it was not declared what should be done to him .
therefore have I uttered that I understood not ; things too wonderful for me , which I knew not .
20 : 18 For the LORD had fast closed up all the wombs of the house of Abimelech , because of Sarah Abraham ' s wife .
8 : 10 Therefore will I give their wives unto others , and their fields to them that shall inherit them : for every one from the least even unto the greatest is given to covetousness , from the prophet even unto the priest every one dealeth falsely .
This was the only visit from Frank Churchill in the course of ten days .
One thing more , and all seemed arranged .
1 : 15 Then when lust hath conceived , it bringeth forth sin : and sin , when it is finished , bringeth forth death .
Charles Hayter had met with much to disquiet and mortify him in his cousin ' s behaviour .
44 : 23 Sing , O ye heavens ; for the LORD hath done it : shout , ye lower parts of the earth : break forth into singing , ye mountains , O forest , and every tree therein : for the LORD hath redeemed Jacob , and glorified himself in Israel .
Lady Middleton proposed a rubber of Casino to the others .
1 : 19 If it please the king , let there go a royal commandment from him , and let it be written among the laws of the Persians and the Medes , that it be not altered , That Vashti come no more before king Ahasuerus ; and let the king give her royal estate unto another that is better than she .
Mrs . John Dashwood had never been a favourite with any of her husband ' s family ; but she had had no opportunity , till the present , of shewing them with how little attention to the comfort of other people she could act when occasion required it .
She listened , and found it well worth listening to .
I am much mistaken if Emma ' s doctrines give any strength of mind , or tend at all to make a girl adapt herself rationally to the varieties of her situation in life .-- They only give a little polish ."
My cousins have been so plaguing me !
Howbeit whereinsoever any is bold , ( I speak foolishly ,) I am bold also .
Emma was pleased with the thought ; and producing the box , the table was quickly scattered over with alphabets , which no one seemed so much disposed to employ as their two selves .
19 : 32 And they that were sent went their way , and found even as he had said unto them .
for they shall rejoice , and shall see the plummet in the hand of Zerubbabel with those seven ; they are the eyes of the LORD , which run to and fro through the whole earth .
31 : 28 And hast not suffered me to kiss my sons and my daughters ?
4 : 7 Jesus said unto him , It is written again , Thou shalt not tempt the Lord thy God .
58 : 7 Let them melt away as waters which run continually : when he bendeth his bow to shoot his arrows , let them be as cut in pieces .
11 : 5 We remember the fish , which we did eat in Egypt freely ; the cucumbers , and the melons , and the leeks , and the onions , and the garlick : 11 : 6 But now our soul is dried away : there is nothing at all , beside this manna , before our eyes .
33 : 16 So Esau returned that day on his way unto Seir .
Could Anne have foreseen such a junction , she would have staid at home ; but , from some feelings of interest and curiosity , she fancied now that it was too late to retract , and the whole six set forward together in the direction chosen by the Miss Musgroves , who evidently considered the walk as under their guidance .
With regard to Charles Hayter , she had delicacy which must be pained by any lightness of conduct in a well - meaning young woman , and a heart to sympathize in any of the sufferings it occasioned ; but if Henrietta found herself mistaken in the nature of her feelings , the alternation could not be understood too soon .
" Dear Mrs . Weston , how could you think of such a thing ?-- Mr .
1 : 11 Thus were their faces : and their wings were stretched upward ; two wings of every one were joined one to another , and two covered their bodies .
leave all that to me .
10 : 35 For I am come to set a man at variance against his father , and the daughter against her mother , and the daughter in law against her mother in law .
6 : 6 And Joshua the son of Nun called the priests , and said unto them , Take up the ark of the covenant , and let seven priests bear seven trumpets of rams ' horns before the ark of the LORD .
And Hezekiah said , They are come from a far country unto me , even from Babylon .
10 : 18 And the standard of the camp of Reuben set forward according to their armies : and over his host was Elizur the son of Shedeur .
25 : 30 And thou shalt set upon the table shewbread before me alway .
9 : 19 And Samuel answered Saul , and said , I am the seer : go up before me unto the high place ; for ye shall eat with me to day , and to morrow I will let thee go , and will tell thee all that is in thine heart .
Why a Nostril wide inhaling terror trembling & affright Why a tender curb upon the youthful burning boy ?
And the sons of Dishon ; Amram , and Eshban , and Ithran , and Cheran .
27 : 15 And Rebekah took goodly raiment of her eldest son Esau , which were with her in the house , and put them upon Jacob her younger son : 27 : 16 And she put the skins of the kids of the goats upon his hands , and upon the smooth of his neck : 27 : 17 And she gave the savoury meat and the bread , which she had prepared , into the hand of her son Jacob .
22 : 8 And he sent Peter and John , saying , Go and prepare us the passover , that we may eat .
17 : 15 And every soul that eateth that which died of itself , or that which was torn with beasts , whether it be one of your own country , or a stranger , he shall both wash his clothes , and bathe himself in water , and be unclean until the even : then shall he be clean .
2 : 33 And the sons of Jonathan ; Peleth , and Zaza .
" But she is so fond of the nephew : he is so very great a favourite .
It was , perhaps , one of those cases in which advice is good or bad only as the event decides ; and for myself , I certainly never should , in any circumstance of tolerable similarity , give such advice .
10 : 6 When ye blow an alarm the second time , then the camps that lie on the south side shall take their journey : they shall blow an alarm for their journeys .
1 : 6 I marvel that ye are so soon removed from him that called you into the grace of Christ unto another gospel : 1 : 7 Which is not another ; but there be some that trouble you , and would pervert the gospel of Christ .
I am guilty , I confess , of having often wished you to treat our acquaintance in general with greater attention ; but when have I advised you to adopt their sentiments or to conform to their judgment in serious matters ?"
-- You always called me , ` Mr . Knightley ;' and , from habit , it has not so very formal a sound .-- And yet it is formal .
Emma was out of hearing .
135 : 3 Praise the LORD ; for the LORD is good : sing praises unto his name ; for it is pleasant .
42 : 1 Behold my servant , whom I uphold ; mine elect , in whom my soul delighteth ; I have put my spirit upon him : he shall bring forth judgment to the Gentiles .
it shall be even given thee to the half of the kingdom .
" It was a foolish , idle inclination on my side ," said he , " the consequence of ignorance of the world -- and want of employment .
7 : 10 Or if he ask a fish , will he give him a serpent ?
7 : 20 In the same day shall the Lord shave with a razor that is hired , namely , by them beyond the river , by the king of Assyria , the head , and the hair of the feet : and it shall also consume the beard .
144 : 14 That our oxen may be strong to labour ; that there be no breaking in , nor going out ; that there be no complaining in our streets .
7 : 24 Also we certify you , that touching any of the priests and Levites , singers , porters , Nethinims , or ministers of this house of God , it shall not be lawful to impose toll , tribute , or custom , upon them .
8 : 4 As concerning therefore the eating of those things that are offered in sacrifice unto idols , we know that an idol is nothing in the world , and that there is none other God but one .
3 : 23 Then Ehud went forth through the porch , and shut the doors of the parlour upon him , and locked them .
" He would certainly have done more justice to simple and elegant prose .
With the exception of this little blot , Emma found that his visit hitherto had given her friend only good ideas of him .
Their engagements at Exeter instantly gave way before such an invitation , and Lady Middleton was thrown into no little alarm on the return of Sir John , by hearing that she was very soon to receive a visit from two girls whom she had never seen in her life , and of whose elegance ,-- whose tolerable gentility even , she could have no proof ; for the assurances of her husband and mother on that subject went for nothing at all .
19 : 13 And Michal took an image , and laid it in the bed , and put a pillow of goats ' hair for his bolster , and covered it with a cloth .
35 : 19 And Rachel died , and was buried in the way to Ephrath , which is Bethlehem .
She could not do so , without comparing herself with Miss Larolles , the inimitable Miss Larolles ; but still she did it , and not with much happier effect ; though by what seemed prosperity in the shape of an early abdication in her next neighbours , she found herself at the very end of the bench before the concert closed .
25 : 30 Therefore prophesy thou against them all these words , and say unto them , The LORD shall roar from on high , and utter his voice from his holy habitation ; he shall mightily roar upon his habitation ; he shall give a shout , as they that tread the grapes , against all the inhabitants of the earth .
23 : 25 And he released unto them him that for sedition and murder was cast into prison , whom they had desired ; but he delivered Jesus to their will .
" I believe I have been very rude ; but really Miss Fairfax has done her hair in so odd a way -- so very odd a way -- that I cannot keep my eyes from her .
Mr . Dashwood ' s strains were more solemn .
136 : 17 To him which smote great kings : for his mercy endureth for ever :
" Engaged since October ,-- secretly engaged .-- It has hurt me , Emma , very much .
26 : 7 So David and Abishai came to the people by night : and , behold , Saul lay sleeping within the trench , and his spear stuck in the ground at his bolster : but Abner and the people lay round about him .
One shoulder of mutton , you know , drives another down .
49 : 30 Flee , get you far off , dwell deep , O ye inhabitants of Hazor , saith the LORD ; for Nebuchadrezzar king of Babylon hath taken counsel against you , and hath conceived a purpose against you .
I see her instrument is open ."
15 : 11 And the rest of the acts of Zachariah , behold , they are written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Israel .
Marianne hardly knew what to say .
13 : 13 And now abideth faith , hope , charity , these three ; but the greatest of these is charity .
They of Italy salute you .
22 : 13 And thou sayest , How doth God know ?
28 : 14 He gave of gold by weight for things of gold , for all instruments of all manner of service ; silver also for all instruments of silver by weight , for all instruments of every kind of service : 28 : 15 Even the weight for the candlesticks of gold , and for their lamps of gold , by weight for every candlestick , and for the lamps thereof : and for the candlesticks of silver by weight , both for the candlestick , and also for the lamps thereof , according to the use of every candlestick .
23 : 3 And all the congregation made a covenant with the king in the house of God .
104 : 31 The glory of the LORD shall endure for ever : the LORD shall rejoice in his works .
Her father was growing distressed for money .
Now they look abroad to see , Now return and weep for me ."
3 : 5 And Joshua said unto the people , Sanctify yourselves : for to morrow the LORD will do wonders among you .
28 : 16 And by weight he gave gold for the tables of shewbread , for every table ; and likewise silver for the tables of silver : 28 : 17 Also pure gold for the fleshhooks , and the bowls , and the cups : and for the golden basons he gave gold by weight for every bason ; and likewise silver by weight for every bason of silver : 28 : 18 And for the altar of incense refined gold by weight ; and gold for the pattern of the chariot of the cherubims , that spread out their wings , and covered the ark of the covenant of the LORD .
every one turned to his course , as the horse rusheth into the battle .
32 : 43 Rejoice , O ye nations , with his people : for he will avenge the blood of his servants , and will render vengeance to his adversaries , and will be merciful unto his land , and to his people .
11 : 23 So Joshua took the whole land , according to all that the LORD said unto Moses ; and Joshua gave it for an inheritance unto Israel according to their divisions by their tribes .
And so it was , that in the seventh day the battle was joined : and the children of Israel slew of the Syrians an hundred thousand footmen in one day .
Marianne ' s performance was highly applauded .
23 : 17 There shall be no whore of the daughters of Israel , nor a sodomite of the sons of Israel .
7 : 9 All these were of costly stones , according to the measures of hewed stones , sawed with saws , within and without , even from the foundation unto the coping , and so on the outside toward the great court .
48 : 10 And for them , even for the priests , shall be this holy oblation ; toward the north five and twenty thousand in length , and toward the west ten thousand in breadth , and toward the east ten thousand in breadth , and toward the south five and twenty thousand in length : and the sanctuary of the LORD shall be in the midst thereof .
O Jonathan , thou wast slain in thine high places .
Emma ' s politeness was at hand directly , to say , with smiling interest --
Their first meeting in Milsom Street afforded much to be said , but the concert still more .
9 : 18 And I fell down before the LORD , as at the first , forty days and forty nights : I did neither eat bread , nor drink water , because of all your sins which ye sinned , in doing wickedly in the sight of the LORD , to provoke him to anger .
What a pity that we should not have been introduced to each other !
Each lady was previously well disposed for an agreement , and saw nothing , therefore , but good manners in the other ; and with regard to the gentlemen , there was such an hearty good humour , such an open , trusting liberality on the Admiral ' s side , as could not but influence Sir Walter , who had besides been flattered into his very best and most polished behaviour by Mr Shepherd ' s assurances of his being known , by report , to the Admiral , as a model of good breeding .
It was a very awkward moment ; and the countenance of each shewed that it was so .
The news was universally a surprize wherever it spread ; and Mr . Weston had his five minutes share of it ; but five minutes were enough to familiarise the idea to his quickness of mind .-- He saw the advantages of the match , and rejoiced in them with all the constancy of his wife ; but the wonder of it was very soon nothing ; and by the end of an hour he was not far from believing that he had always foreseen it .
1 : 11 Woe unto them !
This was the fact .
He had been blamable , highly blamable , in remaining at Norland after he first felt her influence over him to be more than it ought to be .
7 : 19 And the waters prevailed exceedingly upon the earth ; and all the high hills , that were under the whole heaven , were covered .
CHAPTER I
9 : 41 And the sons of Micah were , Pithon , and Melech , and Tahrea , and Ahaz .
And Ahaziah king of Judah was come down to see Joram .
6 : 21 Therefore thus saith the LORD , Behold , I will lay stumblingblocks before this people , and the fathers and the sons together shall fall upon them ; the neighbour and his friend shall perish .
3 : 15 That which hath been is now ; and that which is to be hath already been ; and God requireth that which is past .
And , without love , I am sure I should be a fool to change such a situation as mine .
But Sir John could not prevail .
6 : 60 Many therefore of his disciples , when they had heard this , said , This is an hard saying ; who can hear it ?
13 : 2 This is the land that yet remaineth : all the borders of the Philistines , and all Geshuri , 13 : 3 From Sihor , which is before Egypt , even unto the borders of Ekron northward , which is counted to the Canaanite : five lords of the Philistines ; the Gazathites , and the Ashdothites , the Eshkalonites , the Gittites , and the Ekronites ; also the Avites : 13 : 4 From the south , all the land of the Canaanites , and Mearah that is beside the Sidonians unto Aphek , to the borders of the Amorites : 13 : 5 And the land of the Giblites , and all Lebanon , toward the sunrising , from Baalgad under mount Hermon unto the entering into Hamath .
22 : 29 When men are cast down , then thou shalt say , There is lifting up ; and he shall save the humble person .
10 : 31 Whether therefore ye eat , or drink , or whatsoever ye do , do all to the glory of God .
" Yes .
The last night ' s ball seemed lost in the gipsies .
She had no sense of superiority then .
104 : 9 Thou hast set a bound that they may not pass over ; that they turn not again to cover the earth .
38 : 23 Thus will I magnify myself , and sanctify myself ; and I will be known in the eyes of many nations , and they shall know that I am the LORD .
I was therefore entered at Oxford and have been properly idle ever since ."
-- She could really say nothing .--" You are silent ," he cried , with great animation ; " absolutely silent !
119 : 55 I have remembered thy name , O LORD , in the night , and have kept thy law .
60 : 15 Whereas thou has been forsaken and hated , so that no man went through thee , I will make thee an eternal excellency , a joy of many generations .
Another view of man , my second brings , Behold him there , the monarch of the seas !
Anne could listen no longer ; she could not even have told how the poor Admiral ' s complexion escaped ; her letter engrossed her .
31 : 13 For I have heard the slander of many : fear was on every side : while they took counsel together against me , they devised to take away my life .
11 : 20 For it was of the LORD to harden their hearts , that they should come against Israel in battle , that he might destroy them utterly , and that they might have no favour , but that he might destroy them , as the LORD commanded Moses .
There was no difference between him and the man who had stood on the steps at Lyme , admiring Anne as she passed , except in the air and look and manner of the privileged relation and friend .
24 : 9 The thought of foolishness is sin : and the scorner is an abomination to men .
18 : 7 And the LORD was with him ; and he prospered whithersoever he went forth : and he rebelled against the king of Assyria , and served him not .
7 : 24 ( And his daughter was Sherah , who built Bethhoron the nether , and the upper , and Uzzensherah .)
30 : 6 And thou shalt put it before the vail that is by the ark of the testimony , before the mercy seat that is over the testimony , where I will meet with thee .
11 : 24 These things did Benaiah the son of Jehoiada , and had the name among the three mighties .
16 : 51 Neither hath Samaria committed half of thy sins ; but thou hast multiplied thine abominations more than they , and hast justified thy sisters in all thine abominations which thou hast done .
12 : 34 The people answered him , We have heard out of the law that Christ abideth for ever : and how sayest thou , The Son of man must be lifted up ?
4 : 10 And thy meat which thou shalt eat shall be by weight , twenty shekels a day : from time to time shalt thou eat it .
We shall live within a few miles of each other , and shall meet every day of our lives .
4 : 5 And when the ark of the covenant of the LORD came into the camp , all Israel shouted with a great shout , so that the earth rang again .
which instantly burst forth , had all the evidence of corresponding perturbation .
6 : 35 And when the day was now far spent , his disciples came unto him , and said , This is a desert place , and now the time is far passed : 6 : 36 Send them away , that they may go into the country round about , and into the villages , and buy themselves bread : for they have nothing to eat .
They were soon within thirty yards of the gentleman .
But Mr . Elton , in person , had driven away all such cares .
I really think they ought .
18 : 13 And they passed thence unto mount Ephraim , and came unto the house of Micah .
These were claims which he did not learn to overlook , though some years passed away from the death of poor Fairfax , before his own return to England put any thing in his power .
I dare say they often think of you , and wonder which will be the day , the precise day of the instrument ' s coming to hand .
33 : 40 And king Arad the Canaanite , which dwelt in the south in the land of Canaan , heard of the coming of the children of Israel .
23 : 28 Now the rest of the acts of Josiah , and all that he did , are they not written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Judah ?
119 : 174 I have longed for thy salvation , O LORD ; and thy law is my delight .
26 : 23 Burning lips and a wicked heart are like a potsherd covered with silver dross .
20 : 1 For the kingdom of heaven is like unto a man that is an householder , which went out early in the morning to hire labourers into his vineyard .
5 : 4 And the king of Egypt said unto them , Wherefore do ye , Moses and Aaron , let the people from their works ?
88 : 11 Shall thy lovingkindness be declared in the grave ?
She thought nothing of his attachment , and was insulted by his hopes .
24 : 18 And he that killeth a beast shall make it good ; beast for beast .
said Emma .
34 : 23 The prince of the children of Joseph , for the tribe of the children of Manasseh , Hanniel the son of Ephod .
25 : 4 For thou hast been a strength to the poor , a strength to the needy in his distress , a refuge from the storm , a shadow from the heat , when the blast of the terrible ones is as a storm against the wall .
7 : 8 And the sons of Becher ; Zemira , and Joash , and Eliezer , and Elioenai , and Omri , and Jerimoth , and Abiah , and Anathoth , and Alameth .
" Nay , how could I help saying what I did ?-- Nobody could have helped it .
49 : 11 Their inward thought is , that their houses shall continue for ever , and their dwelling places to all generations ; they call their lands after their own names .
Do promise me ."
" Has he been here on this occasion -- or has he not ?"
8 : 2 And I saw the seven angels which stood before God ; and to them were given seven trumpets .
22 : 10 If a man deliver unto his neighbour an ass , or an ox , or a sheep , or any beast , to keep ; and it die , or be hurt , or driven away , no man seeing it : 22 : 11 Then shall an oath of the LORD be between them both , that he hath not put his hand unto his neighbour ' s goods ; and the owner of it shall accept thereof , and he shall not make it good .
That is the reason of her writing out of rule , as we call it ; for , in the common course , we should not have heard from her before next Tuesday or Wednesday ."
He , who had ever boasted of being an Elliot , and whose feelings , as to connection , were only too strict to suit the unfeudal tone of the present day .
5 : 11 Ephraim is oppressed and broken in judgment , because he willingly walked after the commandment .
33 : 24 And of Asher he said , Let Asher be blessed with children ; let him be acceptable to his brethren , and let him dip his foot in oil .
Blessed is he that blesseth thee , and cursed is he that curseth thee .
22 : 11 And ye shall say unto the goodman of the house , The Master saith unto thee , Where is the guestchamber , where I shall eat the passover with my disciples ?
" Yes --( rather hesitatingly )-- I believe I do ."
Does she never mean to go away ?
5 : 30 But their scribes and Pharisees murmured against his disciples , saying , Why do ye eat and drink with publicans and sinners ?
18 : 10 The snare is laid for him in the ground , and a trap for him in the way .
23 : 52 This man went unto Pilate , and begged the body of Jesus .
There was nothing like flirtation between her and her partner .
" Oh !"
14 : 2 By lot was their inheritance , as the LORD commanded by the hand of Moses , for the nine tribes , and for the half tribe .
But some of those little attentions and encouragements which ladies can so easily give will fix him , in spite of himself .
I would much rather have been merry than wise ."
7 : 3 Then said the LORD unto Isaiah , Go forth now to meet Ahaz , thou , and Shearjashub thy son , at the end of the conduit of the upper pool in the highway of the fuller ' s field ; 7 : 4 And say unto him , Take heed , and be quiet ; fear not , neither be fainthearted for the two tails of these smoking firebrands , for the fierce anger of Rezin with Syria , and of the son of Remaliah .
27 : 33 And when they were come unto a place called Golgotha , that is to say , a place of a skull , 27 : 34 They gave him vinegar to drink mingled with gall : and when he had tasted thereof , he would not drink .
3 : 19 And ye shall smite every fenced city , and every choice city , and shall fell every good tree , and stop all wells of water , and mar every good piece of land with stones .
The idea of Edward ' s being a clergyman , and living in a small parsonage - house , diverted him beyond measure ;-- and when to that was added the fanciful imagery of Edward reading prayers in a white surplice , and publishing the banns of marriage between John Smith and Mary Brown , he could conceive nothing more ridiculous .
12 : 22 Philip cometh and telleth Andrew : and again Andrew and Philip tell Jesus .
21 : 7 Wherefore do the wicked live , become old , yea , are mighty in power ?
are not his days also like the days of an hireling ?
And his mother ' s name was Zibiah of Beersheba .
And he sanctified Jesse and his sons , and called them to the sacrifice .
7 : 7 After this I saw in the night visions , and behold a fourth beast , dreadful and terrible , and strong exceedingly ; and it had great iron teeth : it devoured and brake in pieces , and stamped the residue with the feet of it : and it was diverse from all the beasts that were before it ; and it had ten horns .
38 : 28 And it came to pass , when she travailed , that the one put out his hand : and the midwife took and bound upon his hand a scarlet thread , saying , This came out first .
139 : 23 Search me , O God , and know my heart : try me , and know my thoughts :
23 : 21 But do not thou yield unto them : for there lie in wait for him of them more than forty men , which have bound themselves with an oath , that they will neither eat nor drink till they have killed him : and now are they ready , looking for a promise from thee .
3 : 11 And he could not answer Abner a word again , because he feared him .
3 : 3 And Moses said , I will now turn aside , and see this great sight , why the bush is not burnt .
41 : 38 And Pharaoh said unto his servants , Can we find such a one as this is , a man in whom the Spirit of God is ?
15 : 32 If after the manner of men I have fought with beasts at Ephesus , what advantageth it me , if the dead rise not ?
44 : 1 And he commanded the steward of his house , saying , Fill the men ' s sacks with food , as much as they can carry , and put every man ' s money in his sack ' s mouth .
53 : 1 Who hath believed our report ?
43 : 18 And he said unto me , Son of man , thus saith the Lord GOD ; These are the ordinances of the altar in the day when they shall make it , to offer burnt offerings thereon , and to sprinkle blood thereon .
The part which provoked her most , was that in all this waste of foresight and caution , she should have lost the right moment for seeing whether he saw them .
2 : 4 And he shall judge among the nations , and shall rebuke many people : and they shall beat their swords into plowshares , and their spears into pruninghooks : nation shall not lift up sword against nation , neither shall they learn war any more .
Things did not seem -- that is , there seemed a little cloud upon the spirits of some .-- So it appeared to me at least , but I might be mistaken .
If a rich admiral were to come in our way , Sir Walter --"
6 : 24 Teach me , and I will hold my tongue : and cause me to understand wherein I have erred .
23 : 11 And after him was Shammah the son of Agee the Hararite .
11 : 7 And David dwelt in the castle ; therefore they called it the city of David .
And he said , Thou shalt persude him , and prevail also : go forth , and do so .
32 : 33 And the LORD said unto Moses , Whosoever hath sinned against me , him will I blot out of my book .
" I have some hope ," resumed he , " of my uncle ' s being persuaded to pay a visit at Randalls ; he wants to be introduced to her .
He saith unto him , Yea , Lord ; thou knowest that I love thee .
19 : 16 LORD , bow down thine ear , and hear : open , LORD , thine eyes , and see : and hear the words of Sennacherib , which hath sent him to reproach the living God .
hope thou in God : for I shall yet praise him for the help of his countenance .
12 : 37 And the children of Israel journeyed from Rameses to Succoth , about six hundred thousand on foot that were men , beside children .
I had not considered that my excessive intimacy must have its danger of ill consequence in many ways ; and that I had no right to be trying whether I could attach myself to either of the girls , at the risk of raising even an unpleasant report , were there no other ill effects .
he could ride to London at any time .
She felt that , in quitting Donwell , he must be sacrificing a great deal of independence of hours and habits ; that in living constantly with her father , and in no house of his own , there would be much , very much , to be borne with .
I believe Mrs Charles is not quite pleased with my not inviting them oftener ; but you know it is very bad to have children with one that one is obligated to be checking every moment ; " don ' t do this ," and " don ' t do that ;" or that one can only keep in tolerable order by more cake than is good for them ."
My journey to town -- travelling with my own horses , and therefore so tediously -- no creature to speak to -- my own reflections so cheerful -- when I looked forward every thing so inviting !-- when I looked back at Barton , the picture so soothing !-- oh , it was a blessed journey !"
As soon , however , as the consciousness of all this was forced by continual repetition on Marianne , she could stay no longer .
19 : 37 For ye have brought hither these men , which are neither robbers of churches , nor yet blasphemers of your goddess .
14 : 7 Therefore he said unto Judah , Let us build these cities , and make about them walls , and towers , gates , and bars , while the land is yet before us ; because we have sought the LORD our God , we have sought him , and he hath given us rest on every side .
31 : 6 And ye know that with all my power I have served your father .
27 : 19 When he was set down on the judgment seat , his wife sent unto him , saying , Have thou nothing to do with that just man : for I have suffered many things this day in a dream because of him .
They will have ten thousand pounds divided amongst them .
29 : 4 And thou shalt be brought down , and shalt speak out of the ground , and thy speech shall be low out of the dust , and thy voice shall be , as of one that hath a familiar spirit , out of the ground , and thy speech shall whisper out of the dust .
3 : 6 He hath set me in dark places , as they that be dead of old .
And the voices of them and of the chief priests prevailed .
3 : 9 Proclaim ye this among the Gentiles ; Prepare war , wake up the mighty men , let all the men of war draw near ; let them come up : 3 : 10 Beat your plowshares into swords and your pruninghooks into spears : let the weak say , I am strong .
Preparation !-- day !-- In honest words , her money was necessary to me , and in a situation like mine , any thing was to be done to prevent a rupture .
" I was engaged elsewhere ."
15 : 16 And the king went forth , and all his household after him .
Their presence always gave her pain , and she hardly knew how to make a very gracious return to the overpowering delight of Lucy in finding her STILL in town .
49 : 22 Thus saith the Lord GOD , Behold , I will lift up mine hand to the Gentiles , and set up my standard to the people : and they shall bring thy sons in their arms , and thy daughters shall be carried upon their shoulders .
42 : 1 Then Job answered the LORD , and said , 42 : 2 I know that thou canst do every thing , and that no thought can be withholden from thee .
5 : 7 And they beckoned unto their partners , which were in the other ship , that they should come and help them .
no , I am sure you are a great deal too kind to -- but if you would just advise me what I had best do -- No , no , I do not mean that -- As you say , one ' s mind ought to be quite made up -- One should not be hesitating -- It is a very serious thing .-- It will be safer to say ` No ,' perhaps .-- Do you think I had better say ` No ?'"
48 : 16 And these shall be the measures thereof ; the north side four thousand and five hundred , and the south side four thousand and five hundred , and on the east side four thousand and five hundred , and the west side four thousand and five hundred .
124 : 4 Then the waters had overwhelmed us , the stream had gone over our soul :
24 : 25 Then he said unto them , O fools , and slow of heart to believe all that the prophets have spoken : 24 : 26 Ought not Christ to have suffered these things , and to enter into his glory ?
5 : 12 I would they were even cut off which trouble you .
2 : 11 But he that hateth his brother is in darkness , and walketh in darkness , and knoweth not whither he goeth , because that darkness hath blinded his eyes .
II .
10 : 9 On the morrow , as they went on their journey , and drew nigh unto the city , Peter went up upon the housetop to pray about the sixth hour : 10 : 10 And he became very hungry , and would have eaten : but while they made ready , he fell into a trance , 10 : 11 And saw heaven opened , and a certain vessel descending upon him , as it had been a great sheet knit at the four corners , and let down to the earth : 10 : 12 Wherein were all manner of fourfooted beasts of the earth , and wild beasts , and creeping things , and fowls of the air .
118 : 2 Let Israel now say , that his mercy endureth for ever .
To some of the best - looking of these good people Henrietta was consigned , for , though partially revived , she was quite helpless ; and in this manner , Anne walking by her side , and Charles attending to his wife , they set forward , treading back with feelings unutterable , the ground , which so lately , so very lately , and so light of heart , they had passed along .
3 : 27 And when Abner was returned to Hebron , Joab took him aside in the gate to speak with him quietly , and smote him there under the fifth rib , that he died , for the blood of Asahel his brother .
If she suspected ANY prepossession elsewhere , it could not be in THAT quarter .
It ought to be no recommendation to _you_ .
16 : 3 For thus saith the LORD concerning the sons and concerning the daughters that are born in this place , and concerning their mothers that bare them , and concerning their fathers that begat them in this land ; 16 : 4 They shall die of grievous deaths ; they shall not be lamented ; neither shall they be buried ; but they shall be as dung upon the face of the earth : and they shall be consumed by the sword , and by famine ; and their carcases shall be meat for the fowls of heaven , and for the beasts of the earth .
11 : 23 By faith Moses , when he was born , was hid three months of his parents , because they saw he was a proper child ; and they were not afraid of the king ' s commandment .
19 : 1 And Ahab told Jezebel all that Elijah had done , and withal how he had slain all the prophets with the sword .
12 : 29 And Jesus answered him , The first of all the commandments is , Hear , O Israel ; The Lord our God is one Lord : 12 : 30 And thou shalt love the Lord thy God with all thy heart , and with all thy soul , and with all thy mind , and with all thy strength : this is the first commandment .
19 : 14 House and riches are the inheritance of fathers : and a prudent wife is from the LORD .
59 : 5 They hatch cockatrice ' eggs , and weave the spider ' s web : he that eateth of their eggs dieth , and that which is crushed breaketh out into a viper .
148 : 9 Mountains , and all hills ; fruitful trees , and all cedars :
9 : 15 And this is the reason of the levy which king Solomon raised ; for to build the house of the LORD , and his own house , and Millo , and the wall of Jerusalem , and Hazor , and Megiddo , and Gezer .
16 : 13 This is the word that the LORD hath spoken concerning Moab since that time .
10 : 6 Now these things were our examples , to the intent we should not lust after evil things , as they also lusted .
A few minutes more , and Emma hoped to see one troublesome companion deposited in his own house , to get sober and cool , and the other recover his temper and happiness when this visit of hardship were over .
14 : 42 Go not up , for the LORD is not among you ; that ye be not smitten before your enemies .
13 : 15 Good understanding giveth favour : but the way of transgressors is hard .
He stood as opposed to Captain Wentworth , in all his own unwelcome obtrusiveness ; and the evil of his attentions last night , the irremediable mischief he might have done , was considered with sensations unqualified , unperplexed .
Elinor could not deny the truth of this , and she tried to find in it a motive sufficient for their silence .
and I had almost forgotten one idea that occurred to me -- this pianoforte that has been sent here by somebody -- though we have all been so well satisfied to consider it a present from the Campbells , may it not be from Mr . Knightley ?
23 : 5 Although my house be not so with God ; yet he hath made with me an everlasting covenant , ordered in all things , and sure : for this is all my salvation , and all my desire , although he make it not to grow .
23 : 19 Ye fools and blind : for whether is greater , the gift , or the altar that sanctifieth the gift ?
31 : 1 And it came to pass in the eleventh year , in the third month , in the first day of the month , that the word of the LORD came unto me , saying , 31 : 2 Son of man , speak unto Pharaoh king of Egypt , and to his multitude ; Whom art thou like in thy greatness ?
" I know it all , I know it all ," cried Mrs Smith .
7 : 23 And Pharaoh turned and went into his house , neither did he set his heart to this also .
5 : 28 And if the woman be not defiled , but be clean ; then she shall be free , and shall conceive seed .
23 : 26 My son , give me thine heart , and let thine eyes observe my ways .
The law was allowed to be genteel enough ; many young men , who had chambers in the Temple , made a very good appearance in the first circles , and drove about town in very knowing gigs .
It included nearly a third part of her own life .
or hast thou seen the treasures of the hail , 38 : 23 Which I have reserved against the time of trouble , against the day of battle and war ?
4 : 10 He that descended is the same also that ascended up far above all heavens , that he might fill all things .)
So sang a little clod of clay , Trodden with the cattle ' s feet , But a pebble of the brook Warbled out these metres meet :
22 : 29 And I appoint unto you a kingdom , as my Father hath appointed unto me ; 22 : 30 That ye may eat and drink at my table in my kingdom , and sit on thrones judging the twelve tribes of Israel .
He kissed the child , and by the hand led , And to his mother brought , Who in sorrow pale , through the lonely dale , The little boy weeping sought .
50 : 13 Will I eat the flesh of bulls , or drink the blood of goats ?
Who do you think is here ?-- Miss Woodhouse and Miss Smith ; so kind as to call to hear the new pianoforte .
These words , which conveyed to Elinor a direct avowal of his love for her sister , affected her very much .
17 : 5 Hold up my goings in thy paths , that my footsteps slip not .
30 : 27 Then the priests the Levites arose and blessed the people : and their voice was heard , and their prayer came up to his holy dwelling place , even unto heaven .
They brought with them their country habit of being almost always together .
31 : 12 For it is a fire that consumeth to destruction , and would root out all mine increase .
30 : 11 He and his people with him , the terrible of the nations , shall be brought to destroy the land : and they shall draw their swords against Egypt , and fill the land with the slain .
" I have not a fault to find with her person ," he replied .
I was the last man who commanded her .
10 : 24 Let no man seek his own , but every man another ' s wealth .
" Get it all out of her , my dear .
Strangers filling their place !"
It was a great satisfaction to Elinor that Mrs . Jennings , by being much engaged in her own room , could see little of what was passing .
9 : 18 But the Jews that were at Shushan assembled together on the thirteenth day thereof , and on the fourteenth thereof ; and on the fifteenth day of the same they rested , and made it a day of feasting and gladness .
And there were wars between Rehoboam and Jeroboam continually .
He stopped .-- Emma dared not attempt any immediate reply .
The continuance of their engagement , and the means that were able to be taken for promoting its end , was all her communication ; and this produced from Mrs . Jennings the following natural remark .
12 : 24 For our comely parts have no need : but God hath tempered the body together , having given more abundant honour to that part which lacked .
She might have prevented the indulgence and increase of such sentiments .
1 : 12 But the queen Vashti refused to come at the king ' s commandment by his chamberlains : therefore was the king very wroth , and his anger burned in him .
5 : 32 I came not to call the righteous , but sinners to repentance .
They saw nothing of Marianne till dinner time , when she entered the room and took her place at the table without saying a word .
And he answered , Here I am , my lord .
33 : 32 And they removed from Benejaakan , and encamped at Horhagidgad .
107 : 4 They wandered in the wilderness in a solitary way ; they found no city to dwell in .
But the expression is hardly admissible , Mrs . Weston , is it ?
8 : 7 All sheep and oxen , yea , and the beasts of the field ;
1 : 11 And God said , Let the earth bring forth grass , the herb yielding seed , and the fruit tree yielding fruit after his kind , whose seed is in itself , upon the earth : and it was so .
" I did not know ," said she , " that you were even acquainted till the other day ."
69 : 34 Let the heaven and earth praise him , the seas , and every thing that moveth therein .
17 : 23 But they obeyed not , neither inclined their ear , but made their neck stiff , that they might not hear , nor receive instruction .
They had left Louisa beginning to sit up ; but her head , though clear , was exceedingly weak , and her nerves susceptible to the highest extreme of tenderness ; and though she might be pronounced to be altogether doing very well , it was still impossible to say when she might be able to bear the removal home ; and her father and mother , who must return in time to receive their younger children for the Christmas holidays , had hardly a hope of being allowed to bring her with them .
11 : 7 And when Uriah was come unto him , David demanded of him how Joab did , and how the people did , and how the war prospered .
15 : 14 And Caleb drove thence the three sons of Anak , Sheshai , and Ahiman , and Talmai , the children of Anak .
It would be such a delight to have her picture !"
46 : 21 And the sons of Benjamin were Belah , and Becher , and Ashbel , Gera , and Naaman , Ehi , and Rosh , Muppim , and Huppim , and Ard .
36 : 31 Then shall ye remember your own evil ways , and your doings that were not good , and shall lothe yourselves in your own sight for your iniquities and for your abominations .
16 : 31 It shall be a sabbath of rest unto you , and ye shall afflict your souls , by a statute for ever .
And Elisha said , I pray thee , let a double portion of thy spirit be upon me .
48 : 30 I know his wrath , saith the LORD ; but it shall not be so ; his lies shall not so effect it .
" Have you any idea of Mr . Knightley ' s returning your affection ?"
34 : 10 It shall not be quenched night nor day ; the smoke thereof shall go up for ever : from generation to generation it shall lie waste ; none shall pass through it for ever and ever .
30 : 11 Because he hath loosed my cord , and afflicted me , they have also let loose the bridle before me .
22 : 43 And there appeared an angel unto him from heaven , strengthening him .
48 : 10 Now the eyes of Israel were dim for age , so that he could not see .
Presumptuous are they , selfwilled , they are not afraid to speak evil of dignities .
Her flattery had already subdued the pride of Lady Middleton , and made an entry into the close heart of Mrs . John Dashwood ; and these were effects that laid open the probability of greater .
" That is precisely what I was going to observe ," cried Mrs Croft .
Harriet was remembered only from being _her_ friend .
11 : 2 And it came to pass in an eveningtide , that David arose from off his bed , and walked upon the roof of the king ' s house : and from the roof he saw a woman washing herself ; and the woman was very beautiful to look upon .
walking up that hill again would do her more harm than any sitting down could do her good ;" and , in short , her look and manner declared , that go she would not .
33 : 26 Ye stand upon your sword , ye work abomination , and ye defile every one his neighbour ' s wife : and shall ye possess the land ?
8 : 23 Whether any do enquire of Titus , he is my partner and fellowhelper concerning you : or our brethren be enquired of , they are the messengers of the churches , and the glory of Christ .
13 : 1 And Abram went up out of Egypt , he , and his wife , and all that he had , and Lot with him , into the south .
10 : 8 Thine hands have made me and fashioned me together round about ; yet thou dost destroy me .
21 : 15 Neither shall he profane his seed among his people : for I the LORD do sanctify him .
10 : 6 And the children of Israel did evil again in the sight of the LORD , and served Baalim , and Ashtaroth , and the gods of Syria , and the gods of Zidon , and the gods of Moab , and the gods of the children of Ammon , and the gods of the Philistines , and forsook the LORD , and served not him .
In every meeting of the kind Willoughby was included ; and the ease and familiarity which naturally attended these parties were exactly calculated to give increasing intimacy to his acquaintance with the Dashwoods , to afford him opportunity of witnessing the excellencies of Marianne , of marking his animated admiration of her , and of receiving , in her behaviour to himself , the most pointed assurance of her affection .
12 : 1 In the mean time , when there were gathered together an innumerable multitude of people , insomuch that they trode one upon another , he began to say unto his disciples first of all , Beware ye of the leaven of the Pharisees , which is hypocrisy .
No , she had heard from him very lately , but having answered the letter , had put it away .
40 : 23 Behold , he drinketh up a river , and hasteth not : he trusteth that he can draw up Jordan into his mouth .
1 : 8 A double minded man is unstable in all his ways .
36 : 13 And he also rebelled against king Nebuchadnezzar , who had made him swear by God : but he stiffened his neck , and hardened his heart from turning unto the LORD God of Israel .
13 : 5 The altar also was rent , and the ashes poured out from the altar , according to the sign which the man of God had given by the word of the LORD .
The arrival of a new family in the country was always a matter of joy to him , and in every point of view he was charmed with the inhabitants he had now procured for his cottage at Barton .
" Even so .
Any thing else I should be most happy to do , at your command -- but my dancing days are over ."
24 : 31 And he shall send his angels with a great sound of a trumpet , and they shall gather together his elect from the four winds , from one end of heaven to the other .
" But , in spite of all her friends ' urgency , and her own wish of seeing Ireland , Miss Fairfax prefers devoting the time to you and Mrs .
" Ah !"
He never even believed himself to see her equal .
Elinor thought it wisest to touch that point no more .
" I have no name ; I am but two days old ."
" Oh !
4 : 26 And Solomon had forty thousand stalls of horses for his chariots , and twelve thousand horsemen .
15 : 15 Yea , and we are found false witnesses of God ; because we have testified of God that he raised up Christ : whom he raised not up , if so be that the dead rise not .
" We must ask Mr . and Mrs . Weston to dine with us , while Isabella is here ."
19 : 13 And he was clothed with a vesture dipped in blood : and his name is called The Word of God .
11 : 36 And of the Levites were divisions in Judah , and in Benjamin .
4 : 20 The breath of our nostrils , the anointed of the LORD , was taken in their pits , of whom we said , Under his shadow we shall live among the heathen .
3 : 14 And it came to pass , when the people removed from their tents , to pass over Jordan , and the priests bearing the ark of the covenant before the people ; 3 : 15 And as they that bare the ark were come unto Jordan , and the feet of the priests that bare the ark were dipped in the brim of the water , ( for Jordan overfloweth all his banks all the time of harvest ,) 3 : 16 That the waters which came down from above stood and rose up upon an heap very far from the city Adam , that is beside Zaretan : and those that came down toward the sea of the plain , even the salt sea , failed , and were cut off : and the people passed over right against Jericho .
32 : 34 But they set their abominations in the house , which is called by my name , to defile it .
She wished him to speak , but he would not .
" Very well .
and from whence came they unto thee ?
10 : 15 And Saul ' s uncle said , Tell me , I pray thee , what Samuel said unto you .
But Saul thought to make David fall by the hand of the Philistines .
31 : 16 Behold , these caused the children of Israel , through the counsel of Balaam , to commit trespass against the LORD in the matter of Peor , and there was a plague among the congregation of the LORD .
7 : 84 This was the dedication of the altar , in the day when it was anointed , by the princes of Israel : twelve chargers of silver , twelve silver bowls , twelve spoons of gold : 7 : 85 Each charger of silver weighing an hundred and thirty shekels , each bowl seventy : all the silver vessels weighed two thousand and four hundred shekels , after the shekel of the sanctuary : 7 : 86 The golden spoons were twelve , full of incense , weighing ten shekels apiece , after the shekel of the sanctuary : all the gold of the spoons was an hundred and twenty shekels .
His manners were an immediate recommendation ; and on conversing with him she found the solid so fully supporting the superficial , that she was at first , as she told Anne , almost ready to exclaim , " Can this be Mr Elliot ?"
And when he had said these things , he cried , He that hath ears to hear , let him hear .
31 : 24 And ye shall wash your clothes on the seventh day , and ye shall be clean , and afterward ye shall come into the camp .
22 : 12 And in that day did the Lord GOD of hosts call to weeping , and to mourning , and to baldness , and to girding with sackcloth : 22 : 13 And behold joy and gladness , slaying oxen , and killing sheep , eating flesh , and drinking wine : let us eat and drink ; for to morrow we shall die .
It was the ninth month , on the twentieth day of the month ; and all the people sat in the street of the house of God , trembling because of this matter , and for the great rain .
4 : 2 I beseech Euodias , and beseech Syntyche , that they be of the same mind in the Lord .
18 : 4 And the king said unto them , What seemeth you best I will do .
" His name is Ferrars ," said he , in a very audible whisper ; " but pray do not tell it , for it ' s a great secret ."
My brethren , these things ought not so to be .
3 : 2 And the angel of the LORD appeared unto him in a flame of fire out of the midst of a bush : and he looked , and , behold , the bush burned with fire , and the bush was not consumed .
" Go to him , go to him ," cried Anne , " for heaven ' s sake go to him .
It was very lucky , for I would not have had poor James think himself slighted upon any account ; and I am sure she will make a very good servant : she is a civil , pretty - spoken girl ; I have a great opinion of her .
22 : 1 The burden of the valley of vision .
11 : 29 At the time appointed he shall return , and come toward the south ; but it shall not be as the former , or as the latter .
then shalt thou answer them , Like as ye have forsaken me , and served strange gods in your land , so shall ye serve strangers in a land that is not your ' s .
says I , ' is Mrs . Dashwood ill ?'
64 : 7 And there is none that calleth upon thy name , that stirreth up himself to take hold of thee : for thou hast hid thy face from us , and hast consumed us , because of our iniquities .
He had been most agreeable , most delightful ; he had told Harriet that he had seen them go by , and had purposely followed them ; other little gallantries and allusions had been dropt , but nothing serious .
And they said , Seven .
19 : 22 The desire of a man is his kindness : and a poor man is better than a liar .
She is not the superior young woman which Emma ' s friend ought to be .
9 : 4 Behold , the LORD will cast her out , and he will smite her power in the sea ; and she shall be devoured with fire .
5 : 9 Let not a widow be taken into the number under threescore years old , having been the wife of one man .
10 : 13 And Joab drew nigh , and the people that were with him , unto the battle against the Syrians : and they fled before him .
You will soon have exhausted each favourite topic .
A heavy scene however awaited me , before I could leave Devonshire ;-- I was engaged to dine with you on that very day ; some apology was therefore necessary for my breaking this engagement .
119 : 76 Let , I pray thee , thy merciful kindness be for my comfort , according to thy word unto thy servant .
" You should have gone to Cromer , my dear , if you went anywhere .-- Perry was a week at Cromer once , and he holds it to be the best of all the sea - bathing places .
Her usefulness to little Charles would always give some sweetness to the memory of her two months ' visit there , but he was gaining strength apace , and she had nothing else to stay for .
10 : 6 But from the beginning of the creation God made them male and female .
16 : 10 And they drave not out the Canaanites that dwelt in Gezer : but the Canaanites dwell among the Ephraimites unto this day , and serve under tribute .
2 : 30 And Joab returned from following Abner : and when he had gathered all the people together , there lacked of David ' s servants nineteen men and Asahel .
16 : 3 Shall vain words have an end ?
" Thank you , but I would rather you did not mention the subject to her ; till the time draws nearer , I do not wish to be giving any body trouble ."
Well , that is so very !-- I am sure if Jane is tired , you will be so kind as to give her your arm .-- Mr .
14 : 7 And his armourbearer said unto him , Do all that is in thine heart : turn thee ; behold , I am with thee according to thy heart .
or where were the righteous cut off ?
96 : 6 Honour and majesty are before him : strength and beauty are in his sanctuary .
" Oh !
3 : 15 And Solomon awoke ; and , behold , it was a dream .
And the LORD opened the eyes of the young man ; and he saw : and , behold , the mountain was full of horses and chariots of fire round about Elisha .
She had received a very recent proof of its impartiality .-- How shocked had he been by her behaviour to Miss Bates !
10 : 17 And when it was told David , he gathered all Israel together , and passed over Jordan , and came to Helam .
And then sitting down again , she very soon forgot that there were any such things in the room .
21 : 23 And out of the tribe of Dan , Eltekeh with her suburbs , Gibbethon with her suburbs , 21 : 24 Aijalon with her suburbs , Gathrimmon with her suburbs ; four cities .
A continuance in a place where everything reminded her of former delight , was exactly what suited her mind .
22 : 11 Thou shalt not wear a garment of divers sorts , as of woollen and linen together .
9 : 7 And Moses said unto Aaron , Go unto the altar , and offer thy sin offering , and thy burnt offering , and make an atonement for thyself , and for the people : and offer the offering of the people , and make an atonement for them ; as the LORD commanded .
2 : 14 And flocks shall lie down in the midst of her , all the beasts of the nations : both the cormorant and the bittern shall lodge in the upper lintels of it ; their voice shall sing in the windows ; desolation shall be in the thresholds ; for he shall uncover the cedar work .
So Baruch read it in their ears .
2 : 4 To whom coming , as unto a living stone , disallowed indeed of men , but chosen of God , and precious , 2 : 5 Ye also , as lively stones , are built up a spiritual house , an holy priesthood , to offer up spiritual sacrifices , acceptable to God by Jesus Christ .
4 : 7 Her Nazarites were purer than snow , they were whiter than milk , they were more ruddy in body than rubies , their polishing was of sapphire : 4 : 8 Their visage is blacker than a coal ; they are not known in the streets : their skin cleaveth to their bones ; it is withered , it is become like a stick .
29 : 9 The princes refrained talking , and laid their hand on their mouth .
And Ziba said unto the king , Jonathan hath yet a son , which is lame on his feet .
thus they have despised my people , that they should be no more a nation before them .
for the LORD hath created a new thing in the earth , A woman shall compass a man .
It was contrary to every doctrine of her ' s that difference of fortune should keep any couple asunder who were attracted by resemblance of disposition ; and that Elinor ' s merit should not be acknowledged by every one who knew her , was to her comprehension impossible .
20 : 37 Then Eliezer the son of Dodavah of Mareshah prophesied against Jehoshaphat , saying , Because thou hast joined thyself with Ahaziah , the LORD hath broken thy works .
Once , too , he spoke to her .
73 : 26 My flesh and my heart faileth : but God is the strength of my heart , and my portion for ever .
My being saved from pain is a very secondary consideration .
30 : 15 Terrors are turned upon me : they pursue my soul as the wind : and my welfare passeth away as a cloud .
23 : 8 And he communed with them , saying , If it be your mind that I should bury my dead out of my sight ; hear me , and intreat for me to Ephron the son of Zohar , 23 : 9 That he may give me the cave of Machpelah , which he hath , which is in the end of his field ; for as much money as it is worth he shall give it me for a possession of a buryingplace amongst you .
Though heavy and feverish , with a pain in her limbs , and a cough , and a sore throat , a good night ' s rest was to cure her entirely ; and it was with difficulty that Elinor prevailed on her , when she went to bed , to try one or two of the simplest of the remedies .
15 : 32 Let Christ the King of Israel descend now from the cross , that we may see and believe .
10 : 26 And Joktan begat Almodad , and Sheleph , and Hazarmaveth , and Jerah , 10 : 27 And Hadoram , and Uzal , and Diklah , 10 : 28 And Obal , and Abimael , and Sheba , 10 : 29 And Ophir , and Havilah , and Jobab : all these were the sons of Joktan .
1 : 17 And he shall go before him in the spirit and power of Elias , to turn the hearts of the fathers to the children , and the disobedient to the wisdom of the just ; to make ready a people prepared for the Lord .
Emma ' s sense of right however had decided it ; and besides the consideration of what was due to each brother , she had particular pleasure , from the circumstance of the late disagreement between Mr . Knightley and herself , in procuring him the proper invitation .
Elinor looked surprised at his emotion ; but trying to laugh off the subject , she said to him , " Do not you know my sister well enough to understand what she means ?
118 : 15 The voice of rejoicing and salvation is in the tabernacles of the righteous : the right hand of the LORD doeth valiantly .
7 : 15 And it was so , when Gideon heard the telling of the dream , and the interpretation thereof , that he worshipped , and returned into the host of Israel , and said , Arise ; for the LORD hath delivered into your hand the host of Midian .
26 : 13 Verily I say unto you , Wheresoever this gospel shall be preached in the whole world , there shall also this , that this woman hath done , be told for a memorial of her .
3 : 19 As many as I love , I rebuke and chasten : be zealous therefore , and repent .
106 : 2 Who can utter the mighty acts of the LORD ?
3 : 11 Therefore thus saith the Lord GOD ; An adversary there shall be even round about the land ; and he shall bring down thy strength from thee , and thy palaces shall be spoiled .
10 : 3 And the battle went sore against Saul , and the archers hit him , and he was wounded of the archers .
118 : 8 It is better to trust in the LORD than to put confidence in man .
THAT was due to the folly of Robert , and the cunning of his wife ; and it was earned by them before many months had passed away .
He was shy , and disposed to abstraction ; but the engaging mildness of her countenance , and gentleness of her manners , soon had their effect ; and Anne was well repaid the first trouble of exertion .
It was too pleasing a blunder for a reproach .
12 : 45 But and if that servant say in his heart , My lord delayeth his coming ; and shall begin to beat the menservants and maidens , and to eat and drink , and to be drunken ; 12 : 46 The lord of that servant will come in a day when he looketh not for him , and at an hour when he is not aware , and will cut him in sunder , and will appoint him his portion with the unbelievers .
41 : 49 And Joseph gathered corn as the sand of the sea , very much , until he left numbering ; for it was without number .
shall I overtake them ?
24 : 19 The earth is utterly broken down , the earth is clean dissolved , the earth is moved exceedingly .
And he desired to see him .
18 : 3 As I live , saith the Lord GOD , ye shall not have occasion any more to use this proverb in Israel .
14 : 20 We acknowledge , O LORD , our wickedness , and the iniquity of our fathers : for we have sinned against thee .
A proper establishment of servants , a carriage , perhaps two , and hunters , cannot be supported on less ."
I like old friends ; and Miss Jane Fairfax is a very pretty sort of young lady , a very pretty and a very well - behaved young lady indeed .
33 : 19 His prayer also , and how God was intreated of him , and all his sins , and his trespass , and the places wherein he built high places , and set up groves and graven images , before he was humbled : behold , they are written among the sayings of the seers .
42 : 12 And I will shew mercies unto you , that he may have mercy upon you , and cause you to return to your own land .
1 : 1 Now it came to pass in the days of Ahasuerus , ( this is Ahasuerus which reigned , from India even unto Ethiopia , over an hundred and seven and twenty provinces :) 1 : 2 That in those days , when the king Ahasuerus sat on the throne of his kingdom , which was in Shushan the palace , 1 : 3 In the third year of his reign , he made a feast unto all his princes and his servants ; the power of Persia and Media , the nobles and princes of the provinces , being before him : 1 : 4 When he shewed the riches of his glorious kingdom and the honour of his excellent majesty many days , even an hundred and fourscore days .
1 : 8 But Daniel purposed in his heart that he would not defile himself with the portion of the king ' s meat , nor with the wine which he drank : therefore he requested of the prince of the eunuchs that he might not defile himself .
32 : 8 Thus did your fathers , when I sent them from Kadeshbarnea to see the land .
22 : 39 And I have consumed them , and wounded them , that they could not arise : yea , they are fallen under my feet .
I wish her extremely well : and , no doubt , there are men who might not object to -- Every body has their level : but as for myself , I am not , I think , quite so much at a loss .
40 : 19 And he spread abroad the tent over the tabernacle , and put the covering of the tent above upon it ; as the LORD commanded Moses .
7 : 7 And without all contradiction the less is blessed of the better .
17 : 11 They have now compassed us in our steps : they have set their eyes bowing down to the earth ;
44 : 6 And he overtook them , and he spake unto them these same words .
4 : 2 For if Abraham were justified by works , he hath whereof to glory ; but not before God .
I know you will soon call on her ; she is living in dread of the visit .
I am sure I have not got one half so good ."
" Oh -- he did not say much ; but he looked as if he knew it to be true , so from that moment I set it down as certain .
5 : 10 My beloved is white and ruddy , the chiefest among ten thousand .
" I am sorry we cannot see your sister , Miss Dashwood ," said Miss Steele .
I could never doubt that you would be loved and sought by others , but I knew to a certainty that you had refused one man , at least , of better pretensions than myself ; and I could not help often saying , ` Was this for me ?'"
39 : 25 Therefore thus saith the Lord GOD ; Now will I bring again the captivity of Jacob , and have mercy upon the whole house of Israel , and will be jealous for my holy name ; 39 : 26 After that they have borne their shame , and all their trespasses whereby they have trespassed against me , when they dwelt safely in their land , and none made them afraid .
29 : 15 I was eyes to the blind , and feet was I to the lame .
Sweet Sleep , with soft down Weave thy brows an infant crown Sweet Sleep , angel mild , Hover o ' er my happy child !
" Ah !
1 : 18 Now at the end of the days that the king had said he should bring them in , then the prince of the eunuchs brought them in before Nebuchadnezzar .
10 : 1 And the LORD spake unto Moses , saying , 10 : 2 Make thee two trumpets of silver ; of a whole piece shalt thou make them : that thou mayest use them for the calling of the assembly , and for the journeying of the camps .
14 : 16 And Samson ' s wife wept before him , and said , Thou dost but hate me , and lovest me not : thou hast put forth a riddle unto the children of my people , and hast not told it me .
15 : 21 But the people took of the spoil , sheep and oxen , the chief of the things which should have been utterly destroyed , to sacrifice unto the LORD thy God in Gilgal .
Peter was grieved because he said unto him the third time , Lovest thou me ?
But Charles is so positive !
94 : 1 O Lord God , to whom vengeance belongeth ; O God , to whom vengeance belongeth , shew thyself .
" It is indeed for Mrs . Jennings ; how provoking !"
23 : 53 And he took it down , and wrapped it in linen , and laid it in a sepulchre that was hewn in stone , wherein never man before was laid .
51 : 42 The sea is come up upon Babylon : she is covered with the multitude of the waves thereof .
13 : 8 Of the tribe of Ephraim , Oshea the son of Nun .
The confession completely renewed her first shame -- and the sight of Harriet ' s tears made her think that she should never be in charity with herself again .
Elinor was half inclined to ask her reason for thinking so , because satisfied that none founded on an impartial consideration of their age , characters , or feelings , could be given ;-- but her mother must always be carried away by her imagination on any interesting subject , and therefore instead of an inquiry , she passed it off with a smile .
" But every thing of that kind ," said Emma , " will soon be in so regular a train --"
I undertake the commission .
31 : 13 I am the God of Bethel , where thou anointedst the pillar , and where thou vowedst a vow unto me : now arise , get thee out from this land , and return unto the land of thy kindred .
While you were in the smallest degree wavering , I said nothing about it , because I would not influence ; but it would have been the loss of a friend to me .
32 : 2 My doctrine shall drop as the rain , my speech shall distil as the dew , as the small rain upon the tender herb , and as the showers upon the grass : 32 : 3 Because I will publish the name of the LORD : ascribe ye greatness unto our God .
7 : 49 And they that sat at meat with him began to say within themselves , Who is this that forgiveth sins also ?
If it will be any satisfaction to you , however , to be told , that I believe his character to be in other respects irreproachable , I am ready to confess it .
35 : 24 Every one that did offer an offering of silver and brass brought the LORD ' s offering : and every man , with whom was found shittim wood for any work of the service , brought it .
Here were funds of enjoyment .
Praise , O ye servants of the LORD , praise the name of the LORD .
7 : 6 And Joshua rent his clothes , and fell to the earth upon his face before the ark of the LORD until the eventide , he and the elders of Israel , and put dust upon their heads .
17 : 14 These shall make war with the Lamb , and the Lamb shall overcome them : for he is Lord of lords , and King of kings : and they that are with him are called , and chosen , and faithful .
He was in the Trafalgar action , and has been in the East Indies since ; he was stationed there , I believe , several years ."
If you knew what a consolation it was to me to relieve my heart speaking to you of what I am always thinking of every moment of my life , your compassion would make you overlook every thing else I am sure ."
36 : 1 And it came to pass in the fourth year of Jehoiakim the son of Josiah king of Judah , that this word came unto Jeremiah from the LORD , saying , 36 : 2 Take thee a roll of a book , and write therein all the words that I have spoken unto thee against Israel , and against Judah , and against all the nations , from the day I spake unto thee , from the days of Josiah , even unto this day .
And they three came out .
And Tamar took the cakes which she had made , and brought them into the chamber to Amnon her brother .
26 : 45 Then cometh he to his disciples , and saith unto them , Sleep on now , and take your rest : behold , the hour is at hand , and the Son of man is betrayed into the hands of sinners .
( with some elevation ) I was thinking of a much more precious circumstance -- of Mr . Knightley ' s coming and asking me to dance , when Mr . Elton would not stand up with me ; and when there was no other partner in the room .
She said no more , other subjects took their turn ; and the rest of the dinner passed away ; the dessert succeeded , the children came in , and were talked to and admired amid the usual rate of conversation ; a few clever things said , a few downright silly , but by much the larger proportion neither the one nor the other -- nothing worse than everyday remarks , dull repetitions , old news , and heavy jokes .
26 : 23 And if ye will not be reformed by me by these things , but will walk contrary unto me ; 26 : 24 Then will I also walk contrary unto you , and will punish you yet seven times for your sins .
97 : 10 Ye that love the LORD , hate evil : he preserveth the souls of his saints ; he delivereth them out of the hand of the wicked .
" To be sure you did .
At present , believe me , I have no need of your services , being in cash again .
56 : 7 Shall they escape by iniquity ?
I have engaged Captain Wentworth .
1 : 3 As I besought thee to abide still at Ephesus , when I went into Macedonia , that thou mightest charge some that they teach no other doctrine , 1 : 4 Neither give heed to fables and endless genealogies , which minister questions , rather than godly edifying which is in faith : so do .
10 : 10 For with the heart man believeth unto righteousness ; and with the mouth confession is made unto salvation .
Seven nights they sleep Among shadows deep , And dream they see their child Starved in desert wild .
3 : 32 And Eleazar the son of Aaron the priest shall be chief over the chief of the Levites , and have the oversight of them that keep the charge of the sanctuary .
2 : 1 These are the sons of Israel ; Reuben , Simeon , Levi , and Judah , Issachar , and Zebulun , 2 : 2 Dan , Joseph , and Benjamin , Naphtali , Gad , and Asher .
8 : 24 And he looked up , and said , I see men as trees , walking .
CHAPTER 50
We have it from Frederick himself .
33 : 18 Thine heart shall meditate terror .
2 : 31 Thou , O king , sawest , and behold a great image .
Sir John had been very urgent with them all to spend the next day at the park .
1 : 14 And thou shalt have joy and gladness ; and many shall rejoice at his birth .
" What can you have to do in town at this time of year ?"
They sent therefore fifty men ; and they sought three days , but found him not .
1 : 7 The LORD is good , a strong hold in the day of trouble ; and he knoweth them that trust in him .
The disproportion in their fortune was nothing ; it did not give her a moment ' s regret ; but to have no family to receive and estimate him properly , nothing of respectability , of harmony , of good will to offer in return for all the worth and all the prompt welcome which met her in his brothers and sisters , was a source of as lively pain as her mind could well be sensible of under circumstances of otherwise strong felicity .
12 : 38 All these men of war , that could keep rank , came with a perfect heart to Hebron , to make David king over all Israel : and all the rest also of Israel were of one heart to make David king .
5 : 10 The princes of Judah were like them that remove the bound : therefore I will pour out my wrath upon them like water .
If she could not have been angry with Frank Churchill too , it would have been dreadful .-- As for Jane Fairfax , she might at least relieve her feelings from any present solicitude on her account .
8 : 3 Doth God pervert judgment ?
4 : 13 For , lo , he that formeth the mountains , and createth the wind , and declareth unto man what is his thought , that maketh the morning darkness , and treadeth upon the high places of the earth , The LORD , The God of hosts , is his name .
3 : 4 It was but a little that I passed from them , but I found him whom my soul loveth : I held him , and would not let him go , until I had brought him into my mother ' s house , and into the chamber of her that conceived me .
why sittest thou thyself alone , and all the people stand by thee from morning unto even ?
Then David arose , and cut off the skirt of Saul ' s robe privily .
6 : 20 For the priests and the Levites were purified together , all of them were pure , and killed the passover for all the children of the captivity , and for their brethren the priests , and for themselves .
no , it is a meeting at the Crown , a regular meeting .
7 : 10 And the foundation was of costly stones , even great stones , stones of ten cubits , and stones of eight cubits .
11 : 18 Now Bethany was nigh unto Jerusalem , about fifteen furlongs off : 11 : 19 And many of the Jews came to Martha and Mary , to comfort them concerning their brother .
7 : 4 For they will turn away thy son from following me , that they may serve other gods : so will the anger of the LORD be kindled against you , and destroy thee suddenly .
1 : 7 Also Cyrus the king brought forth the vessels of the house of the LORD , which Nebuchadnezzar had brought forth out of Jerusalem , and had put them in the house of his gods ; 1 : 8 Even those did Cyrus king of Persia bring forth by the hand of Mithredath the treasurer , and numbered them unto Sheshbazzar , the prince of Judah .
The shower was heavy , but short ; and it had not been over five minutes , when in came Harriet , with just the heated , agitated look which hurrying thither with a full heart was likely to give ; and the " Oh !
" It is impossible for me to doubt any longer .
2 : 11 The children of Bebai , six hundred twenty and three .
5 : 22 Woe unto them that are mighty to drink wine , and men of strength to mingle strong drink : 5 : 23 Which justify the wicked for reward , and take away the righteousness of the righteous from him !
19 : 31 And Barzillai the Gileadite came down from Rogelim , and went over Jordan with the king , to conduct him over Jordan .
The affection of the whole family , the warm attachment of Miss Campbell in particular , was the more honourable to each party from the circumstance of Jane ' s decided superiority both in beauty and acquirements .
17 : 19 O LORD , for thy servant ' s sake , and according to thine own heart , hast thou done all this greatness , in making known all these great things .
And he answered , No .
South End is an unhealthy place .
He would gain cheerfulness , and she would learn to be an enthusiast for Scott and Lord Byron ; nay , that was probably learnt already ; of course they had fallen in love over poetry .
3 : 5 All these cities were fenced with high walls , gates , and bars ; beside unwalled towns a great many .
I dare say I shall catch it ; and my sore - throats , you know , are always worse than anybody ' s ."
6 : 9 And the armed men went before the priests that blew with the trumpets , and the rereward came after the ark , the priests going on , and blowing with the trumpets .
Selah .
8 : 26 And now , O God of Israel , let thy word , I pray thee , be verified , which thou spakest unto thy servant David my father .
24 : 25 Also , thou son of man , shall it not be in the day when I take from them their strength , the joy of their glory , the desire of their eyes , and that whereupon they set their minds , their sons and their daughters , 24 : 26 That he that escapeth in that day shall come unto thee , to cause thee to hear it with thine ears ?
2 : 32 These are those which were numbered of the children of Israel by the house of their fathers : all those that were numbered of the camps throughout their hosts were six hundred thousand and three thousand and five hundred and fifty .
But what is distance , Mr . Weston , to people of large fortune ?-- You would be amazed to hear how my brother , Mr . Suckling , sometimes flies about .
28 : 1 Ahaz was twenty years old when he began to reign , and he reigned sixteen years in Jerusalem : but he did not that which was right in the sight of the LORD , like David his father : 28 : 2 For he walked in the ways of the kings of Israel , and made also molten images for Baalim .
1 : 4 Though thou exalt thyself as the eagle , and though thou set thy nest among the stars , thence will I bring thee down , saith the LORD .
They will soon be back again , and then they ' d be sure and call here ."
Colonel Wallis declined sitting down again , and Mr Elliot was invited by Elizabeth and Miss Carteret , in a manner not to be refused , to sit between them ; and by some other removals , and a little scheming of her own , Anne was enabled to place herself much nearer the end of the bench than she had been before , much more within reach of a passer - by .
2 : 8 And thou shalt bring the meat offering that is made of these things unto the LORD : and when it is presented unto the priest , he shall bring it unto the altar .
You look as if you would not do such a thing again ."
2 : 10 But he said unto her , Thou speakest as one of the foolish women speaketh .
32 : 4 Then will I leave thee upon the land , I will cast thee forth upon the open field , and will cause all the fowls of the heaven to remain upon thee , and I will fill the beasts of the whole earth with thee .
12 : 5 And the Gileadites took the passages of Jordan before the Ephraimites : and it was so , that when those Ephraimites which were escaped said , Let me go over ; that the men of Gilead said unto him , Art thou an Ephraimite ?
8 : 23 And the LORD spake unto Moses , saying , 8 : 24 This is it that belongeth unto the Levites : from twenty and five years old and upward they shall go in to wait upon the service of the tabernacle of the congregation : 8 : 25 And from the age of fifty years they shall cease waiting upon the service thereof , and shall serve no more : 8 : 26 But shall minister with their brethren in the tabernacle of the congregation , to keep the charge , and shall do no service .
For if they escaped not who refused him that spake on earth , much more shall not we escape , if we turn away from him that speaketh from heaven : 12 : 26 Whose voice then shook the earth : but now he hath promised , saying , Yet once more I shake not the earth only , but also heaven .
The anxious cares , the incessant attentions of Mrs . Weston , were not thrown away .
Mrs . Weston and Emma were sitting together on a sofa .
4 : 4 There is one body , and one Spirit , even as ye are called in one hope of your calling ; 4 : 5 One Lord , one faith , one baptism , 4 : 6 One God and Father of all , who is above all , and through all , and in you all .
10 : 39 But we are not of them who draw back unto perdition ; but of them that believe to the saving of the soul .
Fortunately for her , they had now reached the cottage , and the conversation could be continued no farther .
She is very fond of Frank , and therefore I would not speak ill of her .
" Oh my children !
How to understand the deceptions she had been thus practising on herself , and living under !-- The blunders , the blindness of her own head and heart !-- she sat still , she walked about , she tried her own room , she tried the shrubbery -- in every place , every posture , she perceived that she had acted most weakly ; that she had been imposed on by others in a most mortifying degree ; that she had been imposing on herself in a degree yet more mortifying ; that she was wretched , and should probably find this day but the beginning of wretchedness .
3 : 45 Thou hast made us as the offscouring and refuse in the midst of the people .
The two families had always been on excellent terms , there being no pride on one side , and no envy on the other , and only such a consciousness of superiority in the Miss Musgroves , as made them pleased to improve their cousins .
Chapter 5
" But , if I know myself ," said he , " this is from no want of gallantry towards them .
Mr Shepherd was eloquent on the subject ; pointing out all the circumstances of the Admiral ' s family , which made him peculiarly desirable as a tenant .
the same did God send to be a ruler and a deliverer by the hand of the angel which appeared to him in the bush .
40 : 12 Who hath measured the waters in the hollow of his hand , and meted out heaven with the span , and comprehended the dust of the earth in a measure , and weighed the mountains in scales , and the hills in a balance ?
15 : 23 The rest of all the acts of Asa , and all his might , and all that he did , and the cities which he built , are they not written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Judah ?
15 : 9 But Pilate answered them , saying , Will ye that I release unto you the King of the Jews ?
" Mr . Brandon was very well I hope ?"
148 : 5 Let them praise the name of the LORD : for he commanded , and they were created .
23 : 39 For when they had slain their children to their idols , then they came the same day into my sanctuary to profane it ; and , lo , thus have they done in the midst of mine house .
7 : 20 Wherefore by their fruits ye shall know them .
117 : 2 For his merciful kindness is great toward us : and the truth of the LORD endureth for ever .
She had sought him .
" In a few months , my dear Marianne ."
Good morning to you , my dear sir .
9 : 12 But when Jesus heard that , he said unto them , They that be whole need not a physician , but they that are sick .
43 : 6 And I heard him speaking unto me out of the house ; and the man stood by me .
49 : 12 Behold , these shall come from far : and , lo , these from the north and from the west ; and these from the land of Sinim .
36 : 20 And they went in to the king into the court , but they laid up the roll in the chamber of Elishama the scribe , and told all the words in the ears of the king .
9 : 14 And he did wash the inwards and the legs , and burnt them upon the burnt offering on the altar .
Now , Mr . Knightley , a word or two more , and I have done .
51 : 5 For Israel hath not been forsaken , nor Judah of his God , of the LORD of hosts ; though their land was filled with sin against the Holy One of Israel .
52 : 3 For through the anger of the LORD it came to pass in Jerusalem and Judah , till he had cast them out from his presence , that Zedekiah rebelled against the king of Babylon .
why tarry the wheels of his chariots ?
After waiting a few moments he said , and as if it were the result of immediate feeling , " It is a period , indeed !
45 : 23 I have sworn by myself , the word is gone out of my mouth in righteousness , and shall not return , That unto me every knee shall bow , every tongue shall swear .
Marianne ' s eagerness to be gone declared her dependence on finding him there ; and Elinor was resolved not only upon gaining every new light as to his character which her own observation or the intelligence of others could give her , but likewise upon watching his behaviour to her sister with such zealous attention , as to ascertain what he was and what he meant , before many meetings had taken place .
The listeners were amused ; and Mrs . Weston gave Emma a look of particular meaning .
And , in short , from knowing his usual ways , I am very much inclined to think that it was for their accommodation the carriage was used at all .
6 : 2 Do ye not know that the saints shall judge the world ?
it had been good for that man if he had not been born .
28 : 11 And in the beginnings of your months ye shall offer a burnt offering unto the LORD ; two young bullocks , and one ram , seven lambs of the first year without spot ; 28 : 12 And three tenth deals of flour for a meat offering , mingled with oil , for one bullock ; and two tenth deals of flour for a meat offering , mingled with oil , for one ram ; 28 : 13 And a several tenth deal of flour mingled with oil for a meat offering unto one lamb ; for a burnt offering of a sweet savour , a sacrifice made by fire unto the LORD .
8 : 1 Now as touching things offered unto idols , we know that we all have knowledge .
17 : 18 There are not found that returned to give glory to God , save this stranger .
25 : 5 Moreover Amaziah gathered Judah together , and made them captains over thousands , and captains over hundreds , according to the houses of their fathers , throughout all Judah and Benjamin : and he numbered them from twenty years old and above , and found them three hundred thousand choice men , able to go forth to war , that could handle spear and shield .
It is the greatest amusement in the world !
3 : 16 In that day it shall be said to Jerusalem , Fear thou not : and to Zion , Let not thine hands be slack .
She began , however , seriously to turn her thoughts towards its accomplishment , and had already mentioned their wishes to their kind hostess , who resisted them with all the eloquence of her good - will , when a plan was suggested , which , though detaining them from home yet a few weeks longer , appeared to Elinor altogether much more eligible than any other .
34 : 17 And as for you , O my flock , thus saith the Lord GOD ; Behold , I judge between cattle and cattle , between the rams and the he goats .
25 : 14 For the kingdom of heaven is as a man travelling into a far country , who called his own servants , and delivered unto them his goods .
7 : 4 And the LORD spake unto Moses , saying , 7 : 5 Take it of them , that they may be to do the service of the tabernacle of the congregation ; and thou shalt give them unto the Levites , to every man according to his service .
10 : 16 And when all Israel saw that the king would not hearken unto them , the people answered the king , saying , What portion have we in David ?
6 : 13 Return , return , O Shulamite ; return , return , that we may look upon thee .
And Hezekiah answered , All the things that are in mine house have they seen : there is nothing among my treasures that I have not shewed them .
I am sure you will be glad to hear , as likewise dear Mrs . Jennings , I spent two happy hours with him yesterday afternoon , he would not hear of our parting , though earnestly did I , as I thought my duty required , urge him to it for prudence sake , and would have parted for ever on the spot , would he consent to it ; but he said it should never be , he did not regard his mother ' s anger , while he could have my affections ; our prospects are not very bright , to be sure , but we must wait , and hope for the best ; he will be ordained shortly ; and should it ever be in your power to recommend him to any body that has a living to bestow , am very sure you will not forget us , and dear Mrs . Jennings too , trust she will speak a good word for us to Sir John , or Mr . Palmer , or any friend that may be able to assist us .-- Poor Anne was much to blame for what she did , but she did it for the best , so I say nothing ; hope Mrs . Jennings won ' t think it too much trouble to give us a call , should she come this way any morning , ' twould be a great kindness , and my cousins would be proud to know her .-- My paper reminds me to conclude ; and begging to be most gratefully and respectfully remembered to her , and to Sir John , and Lady Middleton , and the dear children , when you chance to see them , and love to Miss Marianne ,
31 : 45 And Jacob took a stone , and set it up for a pillar .
1 : 18 For the preaching of the cross is to them that perish foolishness ; but unto us which are saved it is the power of God .
All equality of alliance must rest with Elizabeth , for Mary had merely connected herself with an old country family of respectability and large fortune , and had therefore given all the honour and received none : Elizabeth would , one day or other , marry suitably .
Mr Elliot ' s speech , too , distressed her .
" No , that was what I dreaded .
So sudden !-- You may guess , dear Miss Woodhouse , what a flurry it has thrown me in !
8 : 64 The same day did the king hallow the middle of the court that was before the house of the LORD : for there he offered burnt offerings , and meat offerings , and the fat of the peace offerings : because the brasen altar that was before the LORD was too little to receive the burnt offerings , and meat offerings , and the fat of the peace offerings .
And , upon my word , he is nothing to me .
Emma waited the result with impatience , but not without strong hopes .
This desponding turn of mind , though it could not be communicated to Mrs . Dashwood , gave additional pain to them all in the parting , which shortly took place , and left an uncomfortable impression on Elinor ' s feelings especially , which required some trouble and time to subdue .
Happy is he that condemneth not himself in that thing which he alloweth .
3 : 13 And who is he that will harm you , if ye be followers of that which is good ?
4 : 22 And therefore it was imputed to him for righteousness .
no one , no one -- he talked to me only of myself ."
" Well , then , he is lately dead , Marianne , for I am sure there was such a man once , and his name begins with an F ."
I will bring friends with me ."
64 : 3 When thou didst terrible things which we looked not for , thou camest down , the mountains flowed down at thy presence .
5 : 1 I am come into my garden , my sister , my spouse : I have gathered my myrrh with my spice ; I have eaten my honeycomb with my honey ; I have drunk my wine with my milk : eat , O friends ; drink , yea , drink abundantly , O beloved .
For the first time , since their renewed acquaintance , she felt that she was betraying the least sensibility of the two .
19 : 7 They say unto him , Why did Moses then command to give a writing of divorcement , and to put her away ?
18 : 5 Then the word of the LORD came to me , saying , 18 : 6 O house of Israel , cannot I do with you as this potter ?
It was now her darling object .
32 : 10 And the LORD ' s anger was kindled the same time , and he sware , saying , 32 : 11 Surely none of the men that came up out of Egypt , from twenty years old and upward , shall see the land which I sware unto Abraham , unto Isaac , and unto Jacob ; because they have not wholly followed me : 32 : 12 Save Caleb the son of Jephunneh the Kenezite , and Joshua the son of Nun : for they have wholly followed the LORD .
He took some music from a chair near the pianoforte , and turning to Emma , said ,
28 : 5 Then the prophet Jeremiah said unto the prophet Hananiah in the presence of the priests , and in the presence of all the people that stood in the house of the LORD , 28 : 6 Even the prophet Jeremiah said , Amen : the LORD do so : the LORD perform thy words which thou hast prophesied , to bring again the vessels of the LORD ' s house , and all that is carried away captive , from Babylon into this place .
29 : 16 And thou shalt slay the ram , and thou shalt take his blood , and sprinkle it round about upon the altar .
The event proved her conjecture right , though it was founded on injustice and error ; for Colonel Brandon DID come in ; and Elinor , who was convinced that solicitude for Marianne brought him thither , and who saw THAT solicitude in his disturbed and melancholy look , and in his anxious though brief inquiry after her , could not forgive her sister for esteeming him so lightly .
13 : 31 But the men that went up with him said , We be not able to go up against the people ; for they are stronger than we .
seek them not : for , behold , I will bring evil upon all flesh , saith the LORD : but thy life will I give unto thee for a prey in all places whither thou goest .
13 : 20 And except that the Lord had shortened those days , no flesh should be saved : but for the elect ' s sake , whom he hath chosen , he hath shortened the days .
But is not this a sudden scheme ?"
4 : 10 Herein is love , not that we loved God , but that he loved us , and sent his Son to be the propitiation for our sins .
33 : 22 Yea , his soul draweth near unto the grave , and his life to the destroyers .
for thou art Saul .
Not in circumcision , but in uncircumcision .
40 : 46 And the chamber whose prospect is toward the north is for the priests , the keepers of the charge of the altar : these are the sons of Zadok among the sons of Levi , which come near to the LORD to minister unto him .
139 : 7 Whither shall I go from thy spirit ?
39 : 15 And they made upon the breastplate chains at the ends , of wreathen work of pure gold .
" It is not to be conceived that a man of three or four - and - twenty should not have liberty of mind or limb to that amount .
prudent , and he shall know them ?
There was always sufficient reason for such an attention ; Mrs . and Miss Bates loved to be called on , and she knew she was considered by the very few who presumed ever to see imperfection in her , as rather negligent in that respect , and as not contributing what she ought to the stock of their scanty comforts .
31 : 20 And Jacob stole away unawares to Laban the Syrian , in that he told him not that he fled .
129 : 5 Let them all be confounded and turned back that hate Zion .
For they stumbled at that stumblingstone ; 9 : 33 As it is written , Behold , I lay in Sion a stumblingstone and rock of offence : and whosoever believeth on him shall not be ashamed .
The stupidest fellow !
132 : 16 I will also clothe her priests with salvation : and her saints shall shout aloud for joy .
Anne could perfectly comprehend the exquisite relief , and was only the more inclined to wonder at the composure of her friend ' s usual state of mind .
28 : 26 He that trusteth in his own heart is a fool : but whoso walketh wisely , he shall be delivered .
" A very serious sort , I assure you ;" still smiling .
With regard to Captain Wentworth , though Anne hazarded no enquiries , there was voluntary communication sufficient .
12 : 29 And he set the one in Bethel , and the other put he in Dan .
He had told her that he could not allow himself the pleasure of stopping at Hartfield , as he was to be at home by the middle of the day .
I will invite your guests ."
Mrs . Jennings was delighted with her gratitude , and only wondered that after hearing such a sentence , the Colonel should be able to take leave of them , as he immediately did , with the utmost sang - froid , and go away without making her any reply !-- She had not thought her old friend could have made so indifferent a suitor .
24 : 24 And the people said unto Joshua , The LORD our God will we serve , and his voice will we obey .
87 : 5 And of Zion it shall be said , This and that man was born in her : and the highest himself shall establish her .
21 : 19 And there was again a battle in Gob with the Philistines , where Elhanan the son of Jaareoregim , a Bethlehemite , slew the brother of Goliath the Gittite , the staff of whose spear was like a weaver ' s beam .
And she said , Wilt thou give me a pledge , till thou send it ?
78 : 42 They remembered not his hand , nor the day when he delivered them from the enemy .
6 : 3 And the king turned his face , and blessed the whole congregation of Israel : and all the congregation of Israel stood .
8 : 29 ( For he had commanded the unclean spirit to come out of the man .
Even if this family , the Braithwaites , are put off , I am still afraid that some excuse may be found for disappointing us .
You will see them both this morning , I dare say .
Another room of much better size might be secured for the purpose ; but it was at the other end of the house , and a long awkward passage must be gone through to get at it .
12 : 27 And Jehoiada was the leader of the Aaronites , and with him were three thousand and seven hundred ; 12 : 28 And Zadok , a young man mighty of valour , and of his father ' s house twenty and two captains .
1 : 22 And the likeness of the firmament upon the heads of the living creature was as the colour of the terrible crystal , stretched forth over their heads above .
15 : 22 So Moses brought Israel from the Red sea , and they went out into the wilderness of Shur ; and they went three days in the wilderness , and found no water .
1 : 17 If thou count me therefore a partner , receive him as myself .
The letter , with a direction hardly legible , to " Miss A . E .--," was evidently the one which he had been folding so hastily .
22 : 8 And he discovered the covering of Judah , and thou didst look in that day to the armour of the house of the forest .
It did , however .-- Her father was quite taken up with the surprize of so sudden a journey , and his fears that Mr . Elton might never get safely to the end of it , and saw nothing extraordinary in his language .
2 : 7 And if thy oblation be a meat offering baken in the fryingpan , it shall be made of fine flour with oil .
" Uppercross , the necessity of some one ' s going to Uppercross ; the news to be conveyed ; how it could be broken to Mr and Mrs Musgrove ; the lateness of the morning ; an hour already gone since they ought to have been off ; the impossibility of being in tolerable time ."
23 : 10 And six years thou shalt sow thy land , and shalt gather in the fruits thereof : 23 : 11 But the seventh year thou shalt let it rest and lie still ; that the poor of thy people may eat : and what they leave the beasts of the field shall eat .
43 : 13 And these are the measures of the altar after the cubits : The cubit is a cubit and an hand breadth ; even the bottom shall be a cubit , and the breadth a cubit , and the border thereof by the edge thereof round about shall be a span : and this shall be the higher place of the altar .
4 : 9 And Joshua set up twelve stones in the midst of Jordan , in the place where the feet of the priests which bare the ark of the covenant stood : and they are there unto this day .
She smiled her acceptance ; and nothing less than a summons from Richmond was to take him back before the following evening .
The present crisis , indeed , seemed to be brought on by them ; and those misunderstandings might very possibly arise from the impropriety of his conduct ."
His disapprobation was expressed , but apparently very little regarded .
It would be an excellent match , for HE was rich , and SHE was handsome .
20 : 21 And he said unto her , What wilt thou ?
The Book of Nehemiah
24 : 14 The murderer rising with the light killeth the poor and needy , and in the night is as a thief .
He had been in Bath about a fortnight ; ( he had passed through Bath in November , in his way to London , when the intelligence of Sir Walter ' s being settled there had of course reached him , though only twenty - four hours in the place , but he had not been able to avail himself of it ;) but he had now been a fortnight in Bath , and his first object on arriving , had been to leave his card in Camden Place , following it up by such assiduous endeavours to meet , and when they did meet , by such great openness of conduct , such readiness to apologize for the past , such solicitude to be received as a relation again , that their former good understanding was completely re - established .
13 : 16 Then Paul stood up , and beckoning with his hand said , Men of Israel , and ye that fear God , give audience .
21 : 16 And he that stealeth a man , and selleth him , or if he be found in his hand , he shall surely be put to death .
34 : 11 And Shechem said unto her father and unto her brethren , Let me find grace in your eyes , and what ye shall say unto me I will give .
Have you no comforts ?
21 : 16 And she went , and sat her down over against him a good way off , as it were a bow shot : for she said , Let me not see the death of the child .
32 : 14 And , behold , ye are risen up in your fathers ' stead , an increase of sinful men , to augment yet the fierce anger of the LORD toward Israel .
6 : 49 But when they saw him walking upon the sea , they supposed it had been a spirit , and cried out : 6 : 50 For they all saw him , and were troubled .
I wish you may not catch cold ."
5 : 8 And David said on that day , Whosoever getteth up to the gutter , and smiteth the Jebusites , and the lame and the blind that are hated of David ' s soul , he shall be chief and captain .
11 : 3 Whatsoever parteth the hoof , and is clovenfooted , and cheweth the cud , among the beasts , that shall ye eat .
Her own happiness , and her own spirits , were at least very certain ; and she joined Mrs . Jennings most heartily in her expectation of their being all comfortably together in Delaford Parsonage before Michaelmas .
24 : 2 And when she is departed out of his house , she may go and be another man ' s wife .
17 : 29 And David said , What have I now done ?
46 : 10 Be still , and know that I am God : I will be exalted among the heathen , I will be exalted in the earth .
23 : 10 And the chief priests and scribes stood and vehemently accused him .
Sir Walter was not very wise ; but still he had experience enough of the world to feel , that a more unobjectionable tenant , in all essentials , than Admiral Croft bid fair to be , could hardly offer .
20 : 4 And when he that doth flee unto one of those cities shall stand at the entering of the gate of the city , and shall declare his cause in the ears of the elders of that city , they shall take him into the city unto them , and give him a place , that he may dwell among them .
I want a change .
7 : 1 Know ye not , brethren , ( for I speak to them that know the law ,) how that the law hath dominion over a man as long as he liveth ?
for their day is come , the time of their visitation .
Miss Smith , and Miss Bickerton , another parlour boarder at Mrs . Goddard ' s , who had been also at the ball , had walked out together , and taken a road , the Richmond road , which , though apparently public enough for safety , had led them into alarm .-- About half a mile beyond Highbury , making a sudden turn , and deeply shaded by elms on each side , it became for a considerable stretch very retired ; and when the young ladies had advanced some way into it , they had suddenly perceived at a small distance before them , on a broader patch of greensward by the side , a party of gipsies .
what can you possibly have to do ?"
39 : 5 And the curious girdle of his ephod , that was upon it , was of the same , according to the work thereof ; of gold , blue , and purple , and scarlet , and fine twined linen ; as the LORD commanded Moses .
And such a noble fire !-- I am quite roasted .
1 : 22 Let all their wickedness come before thee ; and do unto them , as thou hast done unto me for all my transgressions : for my sighs are many , and my heart is faint .
Mrs Musgrove was of a comfortable , substantial size , infinitely more fitted by nature to express good cheer and good humour , than tenderness and sentiment ; and while the agitations of Anne ' s slender form , and pensive face , may be considered as very completely screened , Captain Wentworth should be allowed some credit for the self - command with which he attended to her large fat sighings over the destiny of a son , whom alive nobody had cared for .
Instead of forgetting him , his behaviour was such that she could not avoid the internal suggestion of " Can it really be as my brother imagined ?
2 : 25 For David speaketh concerning him , I foresaw the Lord always before my face , for he is on my right hand , that I should not be moved : 2 : 26 Therefore did my heart rejoice , and my tongue was glad ; moreover also my flesh shall rest in hope : 2 : 27 Because thou wilt not leave my soul in hell , neither wilt thou suffer thine Holy One to see corruption .
It was her own universal good - will and contented temper which worked such wonders .
" This will probably be the case ," he replied ; " and yet there is something so amiable in the prejudices of a young mind , that one is sorry to see them give way to the reception of more general opinions ."
Selah .
2 : 1 And there went a man of the house of Levi , and took to wife a daughter of Levi .
15 : 23 And they gave him to drink wine mingled with myrrh : but he received it not .
behold , I say unto you , Lift up your eyes , and look on the fields ; for they are white already to harvest .
3 : 32 And between the going up of the corner unto the sheep gate repaired the goldsmiths and the merchants .
52 : 19 And the basons , and the firepans , and the bowls , and the caldrons , and the candlesticks , and the spoons , and the cups ; that which was of gold in gold , and that which was of silver in silver , took the captain of the guard away .
8 : 28 These were heads of the fathers , by their generations , chief men .
140 : 6 I said unto the LORD , Thou art my God : hear the voice of my supplications , O LORD .
But now she is of age and may choose for herself ; and a pretty choice she has made !-- What now ," after pausing a moment --" your poor sister is gone to her own room , I suppose , to moan by herself .
21 : 3 And their father gave them great gifts of silver , and of gold , and of precious things , with fenced cities in Judah : but the kingdom gave he to Jehoram ; because he was the firstborn .
8 : 5 And Moses said unto the congregation , This is the thing which the LORD commanded to be done .
14 : 1 And it came to pass in Iconium , that they went both together into the synagogue of the Jews , and so spake , that a great multitude both of the Jews and also of the Greeks believed .
" Yes , my dear , if there is time .-- But --( in a very depressed tone )-- she is coming for only one week .
For an old built sloop , you would not see her equal .
And he said , What shall I cry ?
Frank turned instantly to Emma , to claim her former promise ; and boasted himself an engaged man , which his father looked his most perfect approbation of -- and it then appeared that Mrs . Weston was wanting _him_ to dance with Mrs . Elton himself , and that their business was to help to persuade him into it , which was done pretty soon .-- Mr . Weston and Mrs . Elton led the way , Mr . Frank Churchill and Miss Woodhouse followed .
22 : 35 Then one of them , which was a lawyer , asked him a question , tempting him , and saying , 22 : 36 Master , which is the great commandment in the law ?
Mrs . Weston was exceedingly disappointed -- much more disappointed , in fact , than her husband , though her dependence on seeing the young man had been so much more sober : but a sanguine temper , though for ever expecting more good than occurs , does not always pay for its hopes by any proportionate depression .
She wanted to hear much more than Mary had communicated .
14 : 18 And the men of the city said unto him on the seventh day before the sun went down , What is sweeter than honey ?
6 : 22 Thus did Noah ; according to all that God commanded him , so did he .
Of the tribe of Gad were sealed twelve thousand .
11 : 31 By faith the harlot Rahab perished not with them that believed not , when she had received the spies with peace .
Tomorrow turn you , and get you into the wilderness by the way of the Red sea .
21 : 29 He answered and said , I will not : but afterward he repented , and went .
138 : 4 All the kings of the earth shall praise thee , O LORD , when they hear the words of thy mouth .
32 : 24 Build you cities for your little ones , and folds for your sheep ; and do that which hath proceeded out of your mouth .
That Mr . and Mrs . Weston did think of it , she was very strongly persuaded ; and though not meaning to be induced by him , or by any body else , to give up a situation which she believed more replete with good than any she could change it for , she had a great curiosity to see him , a decided intention of finding him pleasant , of being liked by him to a certain degree , and a sort of pleasure in the idea of their being coupled in their friends ' imaginations .
" Me !"
12 : 33 This he said , signifying what death he should die .
1 : 17 Now unto the King eternal , immortal , invisible , the only wise God , be honour and glory for ever and ever .
you thought nobody could dance because a certain person that shall be nameless is gone !"
1 : 12 But ye have profaned it , in that ye say , The table of the LORD is polluted ; and the fruit thereof , even his meat , is contemptible .
" Yes , do ."
Yet ye say , What have we spoken so much against thee ?
23 : 35 Therefore thus saith the Lord GOD ; Because thou hast forgotten me , and cast me behind thy back , therefore bear thou also thy lewdness and thy whoredoms .
2 : 11 For both he that sanctifieth and they who are sanctified are all of one : for which cause he is not ashamed to call them brethren , 2 : 12 Saying , I will declare thy name unto my brethren , in the midst of the church will I sing praise unto thee .
1 : 42 The sons of Ezer ; Bilhan , and Zavan , and Jakan .
5 : 2 Now there is at Jerusalem by the sheep market a pool , which is called in the Hebrew tongue Bethesda , having five porches .
23 : 4 Yea , though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death , I will fear no evil : for thou art with me ; thy rod and thy staff they comfort me .
" Break it to me ," cried Emma , standing still with terror .-- " Good God !-- Mr .
119 : 129 Thy testimonies are wonderful : therefore doth my soul keep them .
And he said unto me , Take it , and eat it up ; and it shall make thy belly bitter , but it shall be in thy mouth sweet as honey .
Mrs . Jennings received the information with a great deal of joy , and many assurances of kindness and care ; nor was it a matter of pleasure merely to her .
They all three called in Rivers Street for a couple of minutes ; but Anne convinced herself that a day ' s delay of the intended communication could be of no consequence , and hastened forward to the White Hart , to see again the friends and companions of the last autumn , with an eagerness of good - will which many associations contributed to form .
yes , very .
8 : 6 That we may buy the poor for silver , and the needy for a pair of shoes ; yea , and sell the refuse of the wheat ?
yes , extremely well ; that is , I do not believe many people are acquainted with him , because Combe Magna is so far off ; but they all think him extremely agreeable I assure you .
So the people were restrained from bringing .
" We should not like her so well as we do , sir , if we could suppose it ; but she knows how much the marriage is to Miss Taylor ' s advantage ; she knows how very acceptable it must be , at Miss Taylor ' s time of life , to be settled in a home of her own , and how important to her to be secure of a comfortable provision , and therefore cannot allow herself to feel so much pain as pleasure .
18 : 24 And when Jesus saw that he was very sorrowful , he said , How hardly shall they that have riches enter into the kingdom of God !
11 : 38 And he said , Go .
3 : 7 Lo , let that night be solitary , let no joyful voice come therein .
Think of your mother ; think of her misery while YOU suffer : for her sake you must exert yourself ."
13 : 13 And he laid his hands on her : and immediately she was made straight , and glorified God .
And at any rate , she lost nothing by continuing the engagement , for she has proved that it fettered neither her inclination nor her actions .
surely they are vanity : they sacrifice bullocks in Gilgal ; yea , their altars are as heaps in the furrows of the fields .
Anne did think on the question with perfect decision , and said as much in reply as her own feeling could accomplish , or as his seemed able to bear , for he was too much affected to renew the subject , and when he spoke again , it was of something totally different .
It was a dreadful picture of ingratitude and inhumanity ; and Anne felt , at some moments , that no flagrant open crime could have been worse .
-- Mr . Elton was appealed to .--" Was not it astonishingly like ?-- She could really almost fancy herself at Maple Grove ."
14 : 16 And the people to whom they prophesy shall be cast out in the streets of Jerusalem because of the famine and the sword ; and they shall have none to bury them , them , their wives , nor their sons , nor their daughters : for I will pour their wickedness upon them .
6 : 3 And the porch before the temple of the house , twenty cubits was the length thereof , according to the breadth of the house ; and ten cubits was the breadth thereof before the house .
" Well !
18 : 6 But Jehoshaphat said , Is there not here a prophet of the LORD besides , that we might enquire of him ?
and how long will it be ere they believe me , for all the signs which I have shewed among them ?
Tell me that it is all absolutely resolved on , that any attempt , that in short concealment , if concealment be possible , is all that remains ."
You might , some time or other , be differently affected towards him .
" Undoubtedly ; and after all you have no thanks for it .
2 : 5 And the house which I build is great : for great is our God above all gods .
" Mr . Martin !
What an air of probability sometimes runs through a dream !
I remember it was written from Weymouth , and dated Sept . 28th -- and began , ` My dear Madam ,' but I forget how it went on ; and it was signed ` F . C . Weston Churchill .'
20 : 7 But when he defied Israel , Jonathan the son of Shimea David ' s brother slew him .
9 : 26 And he reigned over all the kings from the river even unto the land of the Philistines , and to the border of Egypt .
4 : 7 And in the days of Artaxerxes wrote Bishlam , Mithredath , Tabeel , and the rest of their companions , unto Artaxerxes king of Persia ; and the writing of the letter was written in the Syrian tongue , and interpreted in the Syrian tongue .
" Well ," said he , in a deliberating manner , " for five minutes , perhaps ."
29 : 27 Fulfil her week , and we will give thee this also for the service which thou shalt serve with me yet seven other years .
Was not it Mrs Speed , as usual , or the maid ?
The carriage would not accommodate so many .
44 : 21 Remember these , O Jacob and Israel ; for thou art my servant : I have formed thee ; thou art my servant : O Israel , thou shalt not be forgotten of me .
4 : 7 And the priest shall put some of the blood upon the horns of the altar of sweet incense before the LORD , which is in the tabernacle of the congregation ; and shall pour all the blood of the bullock at the bottom of the altar of the burnt offering , which is at the door of the tabernacle of the congregation .
9 : 21 For death is come up into our windows , and is entered into our palaces , to cut off the children from without , and the young men from the streets .
Willoughby first rousing himself , broke it thus :
" Yes ," replied Harriet modestly , but not fearfully --" I must say that I have ."
And he said , There remaineth yet the youngest , and , behold , he keepeth the sheep .
The possibility of a relapse would of course , in some moments , occur to remind her of what anxiety was -- but when she saw , on her frequent and minute examination , that every symptom of recovery continued , and saw Marianne at six o ' clock sink into a quiet , steady , and to all appearance comfortable , sleep , she silenced every doubt .
They afforded her no companion that could make amends for what she had left behind , nor that could teach her to think of Norland with less regret than ever .
I have observed it all my life .
Elinor only laughed .
Elinor , with a very heavy heart , aware of the pain she was going to communicate , and perceiving , by Marianne ' s letter , how ill she had succeeded in laying any foundation for it , then sat down to write her mother an account of what had passed , and entreat her directions for the future ; while Marianne , who came into the drawing - room on Mrs . Jennings ' s going away , remained fixed at the table where Elinor wrote , watching the advancement of her pen , grieving over her for the hardship of such a task , and grieving still more fondly over its effect on her mother .
16 : 9 And the king of Assyria hearkened unto him : for the king of Assyria went up against Damascus , and took it , and carried the people of it captive to Kir , and slew Rezin .
He always moved with the alertness of a mind which could neither be undecided nor dilatory , but now he seemed more sudden than usual in his disappearance .
12 : 35 And of the Danites expert in war twenty and eight thousand and six hundred .
5 : 15 And Mahalaleel lived sixty and five years , and begat Jared : 5 : 16 And Mahalaleel lived after he begat Jared eight hundred and thirty years , and begat sons and daughters : 5 : 17 And all the days of Mahalaleel were eight hundred ninety and five years : and he died .
In all other respects , her visit began and proceeded very well .
He came down by yesterday ' s coach , and was with me this morning immediately after breakfast , to report his proceedings , first on my affairs , and then on his own .
13 : 13 Ye call me Master and Lord : and ye say well ; for so I am .
We shall soon overtake her .
1 : 20 Where is the wise ?
Only my pattern gown is at Hartfield .
3 : 18 Then shall ye return , and discern between the righteous and the wicked , between him that serveth God and him that serveth him not .
" Yes , very soon .
She had been often remiss , her conscience told her so ; remiss , perhaps , more in thought than fact ; scornful , ungracious .
12 : 8 The wicked walk on every side , when the vilest men are exalted .
for thou only art holy : for all nations shall come and worship before thee ; for thy judgments are made manifest .
12 : 11 And they overcame him by the blood of the Lamb , and by the word of their testimony ; and they loved not their lives unto the death .
He is a clever man , a reading man ; and I confess , that I do consider his attaching himself to her with some surprise .
3 : 8 This is a faithful saying , and these things I will that thou affirm constantly , that they which have believed in God might be careful to maintain good works .
6 : 5 O my people , remember now what Balak king of Moab consulted , and what Balaam the son of Beor answered him from Shittim unto Gilgal ; that ye may know the righteousness of the LORD .
" You will see them yet , perhaps , before the morning is gone .
37 : 2 But neither he , nor his servants , nor the people of the land , did hearken unto the words of the LORD , which he spake by the prophet Jeremiah .
51 : 11 Therefore the redeemed of the LORD shall return , and come with singing unto Zion ; and everlasting joy shall be upon their head : they shall obtain gladness and joy ; and sorrow and mourning shall flee away .
18 : 24 And when he had begun to reckon , one was brought unto him , which owed him ten thousand talents .
17 : 37 David said moreover , The LORD that delivered me out of the paw of the lion , and out of the paw of the bear , he will deliver me out of the hand of this Philistine .
9 : 14 And when he came to his disciples , he saw a great multitude about them , and the scribes questioning with them .
4 : 23 And he said unto them , Ye will surely say unto me this proverb , Physician , heal thyself : whatsoever we have heard done in Capernaum , do also here in thy country .
They might advance rapidly if they would , however ; they must advance somehow or other whether they would or no .
and to him that ladeth himself with thick clay !
6 : 29 All the males among the priests shall eat thereof : it is most holy .
30 : 31 And he said , What shall I give thee ?
3 : 7 And the LORD said , I have surely seen the affliction of my people which are in Egypt , and have heard their cry by reason of their taskmasters ; for I know their sorrows ; 3 : 8 And I am come down to deliver them out of the hand of the Egyptians , and to bring them up out of that land unto a good land and a large , unto a land flowing with milk and honey ; unto the place of the Canaanites , and the Hittites , and the Amorites , and the Perizzites , and the Hivites , and the Jebusites .
A ready - furnished house in a favourite spot was engaged , and much benefit expected from the change .
He was considering her as the source of all the happiness they offered .
" No , ma ' am .
One says those sort of things , of course , without any idea of a serious meaning .
16 : 14 And they said , Some say that thou art John the Baptist : some , Elias ; and others , Jeremias , or one of the prophets .
11 : 27 Now these are the generations of Terah : Terah begat Abram , Nahor , and Haran ; and Haran begat Lot .
1 : 21 For after that in the wisdom of God the world by wisdom knew not God , it pleased God by the foolishness of preaching to save them that believe .
How she could have been so deceived !-- He protested that he had never thought seriously of Harriet -- never !
I have not seen one of them to - day , except Mr Musgrove , who just stopped and spoke through the window , but without getting off his horse ; and though I told him how ill I was , not one of them have been near me .
The Book of Job
When he came back , alas !
13 : 13 Let us go forth therefore unto him without the camp , bearing his reproach .
I only doubt whether he will ever take us anywhere else .
22 : 23 And Bethuel begat Rebekah : these eight Milcah did bear to Nahor , Abraham ' s brother .
She had been satisfied to hear and believe just what Mrs . Goddard chose to tell her ; and looked no farther .
Is not the gleaning of the grapes of Ephraim better than the vintage of Abiezer ?
I have no patience with him .
" Offended me !
41 : 5 Wilt thou play with him as with a bird ?
She was your governess , I think ?"
9 : 23 And Moses and Aaron went into the tabernacle of the congregation , and came out , and blessed the people : and the glory of the LORD appeared unto all the people .
2 : 22 But ye know the proof of him , that , as a son with the father , he hath served with me in the gospel .
Anne heard nothing of this .
10 : 43 To him give all the prophets witness , that through his name whosoever believeth in him shall receive remission of sins .
here ' s Miss Woodhouse .-- Dear Miss Woodhouse , how do you do ?-- Very well I thank you , quite well .
19 : 16 And , behold , there came an old man from his work out of the field at even , which was also of mount Ephraim ; and he sojourned in Gibeah : but the men of the place were Benjamites .
It is a great while since we met ."
17 : 27 And the people answered him after this manner , saying , So shall it be done to the man that killeth him .
25 : 26 Now therefore , my lord , as the LORD liveth , and as thy soul liveth , seeing the LORD hath withholden thee from coming to shed blood , and from avenging thyself with thine own hand , now let thine enemies , and they that seek evil to my lord , be as Nabal .
Now she could hear more ; and she trembled in expectation of it .
25 : 4 And the city was broken up , and all the men of war fled by night by the way of the gate between two walls , which is by the king ' s garden : ( now the Chaldees were against the city round about :) and the king went the way toward the plain .
2 : 22 Ye men of Israel , hear these words ; Jesus of Nazareth , a man approved of God among you by miracles and wonders and signs , which God did by him in the midst of you , as ye yourselves also know : 2 : 23 Him , being delivered by the determinate counsel and foreknowledge of God , ye have taken , and by wicked hands have crucified and slain : 2 : 24 Whom God hath raised up , having loosed the pains of death : because it was not possible that he should be holden of it .
27 : 7 Now the rest of the acts of Jotham , and all his wars , and his ways , lo , they are written in the book of the kings of Israel and Judah .
29 : 42 This shall be a continual burnt offering throughout your generations at the door of the tabernacle of the congregation before the LORD : where I will meet you , to speak there unto thee .
18 : 32 And he said , Oh let not the LORD be angry , and I will speak yet but this once : Peradventure ten shall be found there .
5 : 21 Ye have heard that it was said of them of old time , Thou shalt not kill ; and whosoever shall kill shall be in danger of the judgment : 5 : 22 But I say unto you , That whosoever is angry with his brother without a cause shall be in danger of the judgment : and whosoever shall say to his brother , Raca , shall be in danger of the council : but whosoever shall say , Thou fool , shall be in danger of hell fire .
from heaven , or of men ?
But these objections had all , with that happy ardour of youth which Marianne and her mother equally shared , been overcome or overlooked ; and Elinor , in spite of every occasional doubt of Willoughby ' s constancy , could not witness the rapture of delightful expectation which filled the whole soul and beamed in the eyes of Marianne , without feeling how blank was her own prospect , how cheerless her own state of mind in the comparison , and how gladly she would engage in the solicitude of Marianne ' s situation to have the same animating object in view , the same possibility of hope .
10 : 24 And Samuel said to all the people , See ye him whom the LORD hath chosen , that there is none like him among all the people ?
12 : 12 And the prince that is among them shall bear upon his shoulder in the twilight , and shall go forth : they shall dig through the wall to carry out thereby : he shall cover his face , that he see not the ground with his eyes .
47 : 15 And this shall be the border of the land toward the north side , from the great sea , the way of Hethlon , as men go to Zedad ; 47 : 16 Hamath , Berothah , Sibraim , which is between the border of Damascus and the border of Hamath ; Hazarhatticon , which is by the coast of Hauran .
7 : 19 For the law made nothing perfect , but the bringing in of a better hope did ; by the which we draw nigh unto God .
1 : 7 And Adonibezek said , Threescore and ten kings , having their thumbs and their great toes cut off , gathered their meat under my table : as I have done , so God hath requited me .
3 : 2 And it came to pass after three days , that the officers went through the host ; 3 : 3 And they commanded the people , saying , When ye see the ark of the covenant of the LORD your God , and the priests the Levites bearing it , then ye shall remove from your place , and go after it .
6 : 4 And they brought it out of the house of Abinadab which was at Gibeah , accompanying the ark of God : and Ahio went before the ark .
But she could not be long ungrateful ; he was sacrificing an engagement at a gunsmith ' s , to be of use to her ; and she set off with him , with no feeling but gratitude apparent .
2 : 9 Then said his wife unto him , Dost thou still retain thine integrity ?
It did not surprise , but it grieved Anne to observe that Elizabeth would not know him .
They had been meeting almost every day since his arrival .
8 : 7 For he knoweth not that which shall be : for who can tell him when it shall be ?
for it is spoiled : Kiriathaim is confounded and taken : Misgab is confounded and dismayed .
12 : 12 For I will pass through the land of Egypt this night , and will smite all the firstborn in the land of Egypt , both man and beast ; and against all the gods of Egypt I will execute judgment : I am the LORD .
9 : 49 And John answered and said , Master , we saw one casting out devils in thy name ; and we forbad him , because he followeth not with us .
16 : 22 And ye now therefore have sorrow : but I will see you again , and your heart shall rejoice , and your joy no man taketh from you .
5 : 4 But if any widow have children or nephews , let them learn first to shew piety at home , and to requite their parents : for that is good and acceptable before God .
11 : 3 And David sent and enquired after the woman .
14 : 14 And he said unto them , Out of the eater came forth meat , and out of the strong came forth sweetness .
Some little present of furniture too may be acceptable then ."
Come , sir , pray let me hear it ."
She had never rejoiced at the sound before , nor ever before entered the passage , nor walked up the stairs , with any wish of giving pleasure , but in conferring obligation , or of deriving it , except in subsequent ridicule .
Edward has drawn his own lot , and I fear it will be a bad one ."
1 : 14 Now after that John was put in prison , Jesus came into Galilee , preaching the gospel of the kingdom of God , 1 : 15 And saying , The time is fulfilled , and the kingdom of God is at hand : repent ye , and believe the gospel .
14 : 11 Then said she , I pray thee , let the king remember the LORD thy God , that thou wouldest not suffer the revengers of blood to destroy any more , lest they destroy my son .
26 : 12 Then Isaac sowed in that land , and received in the same year an hundredfold : and the LORD blessed him .
A very friendly inquiry after Miss Fairfax , she hoped , might lead the way to a return of old feelings .
4 : 18 But it is good to be zealously affected always in a good thing , and not only when I am present with you .
About a mile and a half from the cottage , along the narrow winding valley of Allenham , which issued from that of Barton , as formerly described , the girls had , in one of their earliest walks , discovered an ancient respectable looking mansion which , by reminding them a little of Norland , interested their imagination and made them wish to be better acquainted with it .
8 : 11 And there stood before them seventy men of the ancients of the house of Israel , and in the midst of them stood Jaazaniah the son of Shaphan , with every man his censer in his hand ; and a thick cloud of incense went up .
3 : 5 And I will come near to you to judgment ; and I will be a swift witness against the sorcerers , and against the adulterers , and against false swearers , and against those that oppress the hireling in his wages , the widow , and the fatherless , and that turn aside the stranger from his right , and fear not me , saith the LORD of hosts .
" Oh !
Harriet kissed her hand in silent and submissive gratitude .
" You have something to tell me of Mr . Willoughby , that will open his character farther .
" Yes ; it is in two points offensive to me ; I have two strong grounds of objection to it .
3 : 17 And he reared up the pillars before the temple , one on the right hand , and the other on the left ; and called the name of that on the right hand Jachin , and the name of that on the left Boaz .
22 : 14 Can thine heart endure , or can thine hands be strong , in the days that I shall deal with thee ?
9 : 8 And Moses said unto them , Stand still , and I will hear what the LORD will command concerning you .
19 : 16 This is the inheritance of the children of Zebulun according to their families , these cities with their villages .
3 : 43 And all the firstborn males by the number of names , from a month old and upward , of those that were numbered of them , were twenty and two thousand two hundred and threescore and thirteen .
22 : 38 This is the first and great commandment .
2 : 49 Then Daniel requested of the king , and he set Shadrach , Meshach , and Abednego , over the affairs of the province of Babylon : but Daniel sat in the gate of the king .
7 : 43 Yea , ye took up the tabernacle of Moloch , and the star of your god Remphan , figures which ye made to worship them : and I will carry you away beyond Babylon .
" But , my dear child , the time is drawing near ; here is April , and June , or say even July , is very near , with such business to accomplish before us .
How can she find any appellation for them , deep enough in familiar vulgarity ?
8 : 36 If the Son therefore shall make you free , ye shall be free indeed .
107 : 2 Let the redeemed of the LORD say so , whom he hath redeemed from the hand of the enemy ;
10 : 7 Thou knowest that I am not wicked ; and there is none that can deliver out of thine hand .
therefore , behold , also his blood is required .
She had already been obliged to tell Lady Russell that Louisa Musgrove was to marry Captain Benwick .
18 : 21 And Saul said , I will give him her , that she may be a snare to him , and that the hand of the Philistines may be against him .
12 : 4 And Jehoash said to the priests , All the money of the dedicated things that is brought into the house of the LORD , even the money of every one that passeth the account , the money that every man is set at , and all the money that cometh into any man ' s heart to bring into the house of the LORD , 12 : 5 Let the priests take it to them , every man of his acquaintance : and let them repair the breaches of the house , wheresoever any breach shall be found .
Emma was quite relieved , and could presently say , with a little more composure ,
Half the sum of attraction , on either side , might have been enough , for he had nothing to do , and she had hardly anybody to love ; but the encounter of such lavish recommendations could not fail .
hath no man condemned thee ?
She deserves a better fate ."
18 : 23 Therefore is the kingdom of heaven likened unto a certain king , which would take account of his servants .
( turning to Mrs . Dashwood ) but you have made it so charming !
" At Marlborough !"
for with the jeopardy of their lives they brought it .
43 : 16 And the altar shall be twelve cubits long , twelve broad , square in the four squares thereof .
You shall find me as stubborn as you can be artful .
21 : 35 And the husbandmen took his servants , and beat one , and killed another , and stoned another .
Cole ."
1 : 14 I thank God that I baptized none of you , but Crispus and Gaius ; 1 : 15 Lest any should say that I had baptized in mine own name .
" Well , but Miss Dashwood ," speaking triumphantly , " people may say what they chuse about Mr . Ferrars ' s declaring he would not have Lucy , for it is no such thing I can tell you ; and it is quite a shame for such ill - natured reports to be spread abroad .
1 : 15 Of Naphtali ; Ahira the son of Enan .
7 : 19 And the flesh that toucheth any unclean thing shall not be eaten ; it shall be burnt with fire : and as for the flesh , all that be clean shall eat thereof .
And they carried the ark of the God of Israel about thither .
19 : 32 Then came the soldiers , and brake the legs of the first , and of the other which was crucified with him .
2 : 13 And the decree went forth that the wise men should be slain ; and they sought Daniel and his fellows to be slain .
therefore it shall be , that what thing soever thou shalt hear out of the king ' s house , thou shalt tell it to Zadok and Abiathar the priests .
11 : 44 Woe unto you , scribes and Pharisees , hypocrites !
Mary talked , but she could not attend .
2 : 44 And all that believed were together , and had all things common ; 2 : 45 And sold their possessions and goods , and parted them to all men , as every man had need .
31 : 4 The waters made him great , the deep set him up on high with her rivers running round about his plants , and sent her little rivers unto all the trees of the field .
119 : 135 Make thy face to shine upon thy servant ; and teach me thy statutes .
1 : 17 For this deed of the queen shall come abroad unto all women , so that they shall despise their husbands in their eyes , when it shall be reported , The king Ahasuerus commanded Vashti the queen to be brought in before him , but she came not .
8 : 25 And they , when they had testified and preached the word of the Lord , returned to Jerusalem , and preached the gospel in many villages of the Samaritans .
Elinor ' s thanks followed this speech with grateful earnestness ; attended too with the assurance of her expecting material advantage to Marianne , from the communication of what had passed .
Harriet expressed herself very much as might be supposed , without reproaches , or apparent sense of ill - usage ; and yet Emma fancied there was a something of resentment , a something bordering on it in her style , which increased the desirableness of their being separate .-- It might be only her own consciousness ; but it seemed as if an angel only could have been quite without resentment under such a stroke .
51 : 7 Babylon hath been a golden cup in the LORD ' s hand , that made all the earth drunken : the nations have drunken of her wine ; therefore the nations are mad .
And they also dwelt with their brethren at Jerusalem , over against their brethren .
19 : 12 And from thenceforth Pilate sought to release him : but the Jews cried out , saying , If thou let this man go , thou art not Caesar ' s friend : whosoever maketh himself a king speaketh against Caesar .
And let him that heareth say , Come .
5 : 28 PERES ; Thy kingdom is divided , and given to the Medes and Persians .
I assure you , Jane Fairfax is a very delightful character , and interests me more than I can express ."
And they said , We are witnesses .
24 : 65 For she had said unto the servant , What man is this that walketh in the field to meet us ?
5 : 18 And be not drunk with wine , wherein is excess ; but be filled with the Spirit ; 5 : 19 Speaking to yourselves in psalms and hymns and spiritual songs , singing and making melody in your heart to the Lord ; 5 : 20 Giving thanks always for all things unto God and the Father in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ ; 5 : 21 Submitting yourselves one to another in the fear of God .
59 : 20 And the Redeemer shall come to Zion , and unto them that turn from transgression in Jacob , saith the LORD .
2 : 20 And again the word of the LORD came unto Haggai in the four and twentieth day of the month , saying , 2 : 21 Speak to Zerubbabel , governor of Judah , saying , I will shake the heavens and the earth ; 2 : 22 And I will overthrow the throne of kingdoms , and I will destroy the strength of the kingdoms of the heathen ; and I will overthrow the chariots , and those that ride in them ; and the horses and their riders shall come down , every one by the sword of his brother .
I am sure I wonder my heart is not quite broke ."
135 : 8 Who smote the firstborn of Egypt , both of man and beast .
" He chose to say he was employed "--
She never did , you know .
I believe it is the only way that Mr . Woodhouse thinks the fruit thoroughly wholesome .
22 : 23 Abide thou with me , fear not : for he that seeketh my life seeketh thy life : but with me thou shalt be in safeguard .
But Saul rose up out of the cave , and went on his way .
-- cried Marianne again .--" So calm !-- so cheerful !-- how have you been supported ?"
2 : 13 Then said Haggai , If one that is unclean by a dead body touch any of these , shall it be unclean ?
He had spoken to her with some degree of openness of Mrs Clay ; had appeared completely to see what Mrs Clay was about , and to hold her in contempt ; and yet Mrs Clay found him as agreeable as any body .
Blake .
15 : 25 And he cried unto the LORD ; and the LORD shewed him a tree , which when he had cast into the waters , the waters were made sweet : there he made for them a statute and an ordinance , and there he proved them , 15 : 26 And said , If thou wilt diligently hearken to the voice of the LORD thy God , and wilt do that which is right in his sight , and wilt give ear to his commandments , and keep all his statutes , I will put none of these diseases upon thee , which I have brought upon the Egyptians : for I am the LORD that healeth thee .
Elinor took no notice of this ; and directing her attention to their visitor , endeavoured to support something like discourse with him , by talking of their present residence , its conveniences , & c . extorting from him occasional questions and remarks .
and if it were so , why should not my spirit be troubled ?
4 : 27 And many lepers were in Israel in the time of Eliseus the prophet ; and none of them was cleansed , saving Naaman the Syrian .
I had imagined him , I confess , a degree or two nearer gentility ."
The young man had been the first admirer , but she trusted there was no other hold , and that there would be no serious difficulty , on Harriet ' s side , to oppose any friendly arrangement of her own .
She took hardly any notice of Charles Hayter yesterday .
27 : 12 And when he was accused of the chief priests and elders , he answered nothing .
" Indeed !
2 : 21 And Moses was content to dwell with the man : and he gave Moses Zipporah his daughter .
23 : 6 And he returned unto him , and , lo , he stood by his burnt sacrifice , he , and all the princes of Moab .
22 : 6 If a bird ' s nest chance to be before thee in the way in any tree , or on the ground , whether they be young ones , or eggs , and the dam sitting upon the young , or upon the eggs , thou shalt not take the dam with the young : 22 : 7 But thou shalt in any wise let the dam go , and take the young to thee ; that it may be well with thee , and that thou mayest prolong thy days .
" How is it possible ?"
He never wished to attach me .
21 : 9 And Moses made a serpent of brass , and put it upon a pole , and it came to pass , that if a serpent had bitten any man , when he beheld the serpent of brass , he lived .
It was better to pay my visit , then "--
2 : 6 And now the LORD shew kindness and truth unto you : and I also will requite you this kindness , because ye have done this thing .
He wished to avoid seeing her .
1 : 13 And the word of the LORD came unto me the second time , saying , What seest thou ?
28 : 18 The Philistines also had invaded the cities of the low country , and of the south of Judah , and had taken Bethshemesh , and Ajalon , and Gederoth , and Shocho with the villages thereof , and Timnah with the villages thereof , Gimzo also and the villages thereof : and they dwelt there .
It was most convenient to Emma not to make a direct reply to this assertion ; she chose rather to take up her own line of the subject again .
11 : 17 He shall also set his face to enter with the strength of his whole kingdom , and upright ones with him ; thus shall he do : and he shall give him the daughter of women , corrupting her : but she shall not stand on his side , neither be for him .
35 : 15 But now , because it is not so , he hath visited in his anger ; yet he knoweth it not in great extremity : 35 : 16 Therefore doth Job open his mouth in vain ; he multiplieth words without knowledge .
1 : 3 And David said unto him , From whence comest thou ?
9 : 13 And they presented the burnt offering unto him , with the pieces thereof , and the head : and he burnt them upon the altar .
The real evils , indeed , of Emma ' s situation were the power of having rather too much her own way , and a disposition to think a little too well of herself ; these were the disadvantages which threatened alloy to her many enjoyments .
It was fixed accordingly , that Mrs Clay should be of the party in the carriage ; and they had just reached this point , when Anne , as she sat near the window , descried , most decidedly and distinctly , Captain Wentworth walking down the street .
" No , it by no means wanted strength -- it was not a large hand , but very clear and certainly strong .
Oh !
6 : 10 For the love of money is the root of all evil : which while some coveted after , they have erred from the faith , and pierced themselves through with many sorrows .
38 : 1 In those days was Hezekiah sick unto death .
And Jehoram his son reigned in his stead .
30 : 36 And he set three days ' journey betwixt himself and Jacob : and Jacob fed the rest of Laban ' s flocks .
97 : 1 The LORD reigneth ; let the earth rejoice ; let the multitude of isles be glad thereof .
23 : 11 For both prophet and priest are profane ; yea , in my house have I found their wickedness , saith the LORD .
" But I do assure you it was so , for all that , and I will tell you how it happened .
11 : 4 I drew them with cords of a man , with bands of love : and I was to them as they that take off the yoke on their jaws , and I laid meat unto them .
Then Pilate commanded the body to be delivered .
So they set a fair mitre upon his head , and clothed him with garments .
15 : 16 One law and one manner shall be for you , and for the stranger that sojourneth with you .
" Oh !
5 : 10 Now the queen by reason of the words of the king and his lords came into the banquet house : and the queen spake and said , O king , live for ever : let not thy thoughts trouble thee , nor let thy countenance be changed : 5 : 11 There is a man in thy kingdom , in whom is the spirit of the holy gods ; and in the days of thy father light and understanding and wisdom , like the wisdom of the gods , was found in him ; whom the king Nebuchadnezzar thy father , the king , I say , thy father , made master of the magicians , astrologers , Chaldeans , and soothsayers ; 5 : 12 Forasmuch as an excellent spirit , and knowledge , and understanding , interpreting of dreams , and shewing of hard sentences , and dissolving of doubts , were found in the same Daniel , whom the king named Belteshazzar : now let Daniel be called , and he will shew the interpretation .
13 : 8 And now ye think to withstand the kingdom of the LORD in the hand of the sons of David ; and ye be a great multitude , and there are with your golden calves , which Jeroboam made you for gods .
2 : 12 And I turned myself to behold wisdom , and madness , and folly : for what can the man do that cometh after the king ?
119 : 10 With my whole heart have I sought thee : O let me not wander from thy commandments .
5 : 5 And always , night and day , he was in the mountains , and in the tombs , crying , and cutting himself with stones .
4 : 18 And he shall put some of the blood upon the horns of the altar which is before the LORD , that is in the tabernacle of the congregation , and shall pour out all the blood at the bottom of the altar of the burnt offering , which is at the door of the tabernacle of the congregation .
3 : 13 I heard also the noise of the wings of the living creatures that touched one another , and the noise of the wheels over against them , and a noise of a great rushing .
I had not recollected it before , I declare , but it must be very bad .
40 : 15 Behold now behemoth , which I made with thee ; he eateth grass as an ox .
It was made a great favour of ; and altogether it was more than I could bear ; and so I never would finish it , to have it apologised over as an unfavourable likeness , to every morning visitor in Brunswick Square ;-- and , as I said , I did then forswear ever drawing any body again .
6 : 9 And David was afraid of the LORD that day , and said , How shall the ark of the LORD come to me ?
8 : 59 And let these my words , wherewith I have made supplication before the LORD , be nigh unto the LORD our God day and night , that he maintain the cause of his servant , and the cause of his people Israel at all times , as the matter shall require : 8 : 60 That all the people of the earth may know that the LORD is God , and that there is none else .
33 : 19 They shall call the people unto the mountain ; there they shall offer sacrifices of righteousness : for they shall suck of the abundance of the seas , and of treasures hid in the sand .
There was always such a great connexion between the Dalrymples and ourselves .
I recollect .
27 : 10 Yet the defenced city shall be desolate , and the habitation forsaken , and left like a wilderness : there shall the calf feed , and there shall he lie down , and consume the branches thereof .
I suppose you have not so many in this part of the world ; for my part , I think they are a vast addition always ."
Without his sanction I could not hope to be listened to again .-- I spoke ; circumstances were in my favour ; the late event had softened away his pride , and he was , earlier than I could have anticipated , wholly reconciled and complying ; and could say at last , poor man !
And he said , What ye shall say , that will I do for you .
13 : 16 And ought not this woman , being a daughter of Abraham , whom Satan hath bound , lo , these eighteen years , be loosed from this bond on the sabbath day ?
1 : 10 And if his offering be of the flocks , namely , of the sheep , or of the goats , for a burnt sacrifice ; he shall bring it a male without blemish .
I never knew days fly so fast .
1 : 30 And the angel said unto her , Fear not , Mary : for thou hast found favour with God .
Let all things be done unto edifying .
9 : 8 The neighbours therefore , and they which before had seen him that he was blind , said , Is not this he that sat and begged ?
3 : 1 And the word of the LORD came unto Jonah the second time , saying , 3 : 2 Arise , go unto Nineveh , that great city , and preach unto it the preaching that I bid thee .
40 : 18 And Joseph answered and said , This is the interpretation thereof : The three baskets are three days : 40 : 19 Yet within three days shall Pharaoh lift up thy head from off thee , and shall hang thee on a tree ; and the birds shall eat thy flesh from off thee .
I wish you could have heard her honouring your forbearance , in being able to pay her such attentions , as she was for ever receiving from yourself and your father , when her society must be so irksome ."
10 : 17 For we being many are one bread , and one body : for we are all partakers of that one bread .
It grieved her to see the earnestness with which he often watched Marianne , and his spirits were certainly worse than when at Barton .
37 : 22 For such as be blessed of him shall inherit the earth ; and they that be cursed of him shall be cut off .
turn thee behind me .
12 : 1 Now these are the kings of the land , which the children of Israel smote , and possessed their land on the other side Jordan toward the rising of the sun , from the river Arnon unto mount Hermon , and all the plain on the east : 12 : 2 Sihon king of the Amorites , who dwelt in Heshbon , and ruled from Aroer , which is upon the bank of the river Arnon , and from the middle of the river , and from half Gilead , even unto the river Jabbok , which is the border of the children of Ammon ; 12 : 3 And from the plain to the sea of Chinneroth on the east , and unto the sea of the plain , even the salt sea on the east , the way to Bethjeshimoth ; and from the south , under Ashdothpisgah : 12 : 4 And the coast of Og king of Bashan , which was of the remnant of the giants , that dwelt at Ashtaroth and at Edrei , 12 : 5 And reigned in mount Hermon , and in Salcah , and in all Bashan , unto the border of the Geshurites and the Maachathites , and half Gilead , the border of Sihon king of Heshbon .
" Good heavens , Charles !
33 : 24 And his servants conspired against him , and slew him in his own house .
20 : 17 Ye shall not need to fight in this battle : set yourselves , stand ye still , and see the salvation of the LORD with you , O Judah and Jerusalem : fear not , nor be dismayed ; to morrow go out against them : for the LORD will be with you .
30 : 8 But if her husband disallowed her on the day that he heard it ; then he shall make her vow which she vowed , and that which she uttered with her lips , wherewith she bound her soul , of none effect : and the LORD shall forgive her .
3 : 20 And he commanded the most mighty men that were in his army to bind Shadrach , Meshach , and Abednego , and to cast them into the burning fiery furnace .
49 : 10 They shall not hunger nor thirst ; neither shall the heat nor sun smite them : for he that hath mercy on them shall lead them , even by the springs of water shall he guide them .
And she said unto her , Go , my daughter .
11 : 24 By faith Moses , when he was come to years , refused to be called the son of Pharaoh ' s daughter ; 11 : 25 Choosing rather to suffer affliction with the people of God , than to enjoy the pleasures of sin for a season ; 11 : 26 Esteeming the reproach of Christ greater riches than the treasures in Egypt : for he had respect unto the recompence of the reward .
4 : 5 They that did feed delicately are desolate in the streets : they that were brought up in scarlet embrace dunghills .
_I_ think seriously of Miss Smith !-- Miss Smith is a very good sort of girl ; and I should be happy to see her respectably settled .
for they have gone in the way of Cain , and ran greedily after the error of Balaam for reward , and perished in the gainsaying of Core .
7 : 19 Then I would know the truth of the fourth beast , which was diverse from all the others , exceeding dreadful , whose teeth were of iron , and his nails of brass ; which devoured , brake in pieces , and stamped the residue with his feet ; 7 : 20 And of the ten horns that were in his head , and of the other which came up , and before whom three fell ; even of that horn that had eyes , and a mouth that spake very great things , whose look was more stout than his fellows .
30 : 40 And Jacob did separate the lambs , and set the faces of the flocks toward the ringstraked , and all the brown in the flock of Laban ; and he put his own flocks by themselves , and put them not unto Laban ' s cattle .
The daughters saw her , and blessed her ; yea , the queens and the concubines , and they praised her .
6 : 10 So David would not remove the ark of the LORD unto him into the city of David : but David carried it aside into the house of Obededom the Gittite .
3 : 10 And when the builders laid the foundation of the temple of the LORD , they set the priests in their apparel with trumpets , and the Levites the sons of Asaph with cymbals , to praise the LORD , after the ordinance of David king of Israel .
hath he not sent me to the men that sit upon the wall , that they may eat their own dung , and drink their own piss with you ?
19 : 24 In that day shall Israel be the third with Egypt and with Assyria , even a blessing in the midst of the land : 19 : 25 Whom the LORD of hosts shall bless , saying , Blessed be Egypt my people , and Assyria the work of my hands , and Israel mine inheritance .
But you were preparing yourself to be an excellent wife all the time you were at Hartfield .
And extremely acceptable it is , for we must live at a great expense while we are here ."
3 : 12 And when Peter saw it , he answered unto the people , Ye men of Israel , why marvel ye at this ?
9 : 27 And when Jesus departed thence , two blind men followed him , crying , and saying , Thou son of David , have mercy on us .
2 : 4 And they were all filled with the Holy Ghost , and began to speak with other tongues , as the Spirit gave them utterance .
8 : 54 Jesus answered , If I honour myself , my honour is nothing : it is my Father that honoureth me ; of whom ye say , that he is your God : 8 : 55 Yet ye have not known him ; but I know him : and if I should say , I know him not , I shall be a liar like unto you : but I know him , and keep his saying .
therefore thou shalt not come down from that bed on which thou art gone up , but shalt surely die .
They thanked her ; but were obliged to resist all her entreaties .
37 : 23 The steps of a good man are ordered by the LORD : and he delighteth in his way .
Miss Smith , the step at the turning ."
22 : 5 And there shall be no night there ; and they need no candle , neither light of the sun ; for the Lord God giveth them light : and they shall reign for ever and ever .
25 : 15 But thou shalt have a perfect and just weight , a perfect and just measure shalt thou have : that thy days may be lengthened in the land which the LORD thy God giveth thee .
You really are a very sad girl , and do not know how to take care of yourself .-- To the post - office indeed !
33 : 22 And they journeyed from Rissah , and pitched in Kehelathah .
10 : 25 Whatsoever is sold in the shambles , that eat , asking no question for conscience sake : 10 : 26 For the earth is the Lord ' s , and the fulness thereof .
I did not even know , till I understood his design , that the living was vacant ; nor had it ever occurred to me that he might have had such a living in his gift .
1 : 9 Then Satan answered the LORD , and said , Doth Job fear God for nought ?
1 : 7 We have dealt very corruptly against thee , and have not kept the commandments , nor the statutes , nor the judgments , which thou commandedst thy servant Moses .
19 : 9 And he came thither unto a cave , and lodged there ; and , behold , the word of the LORD came to him , and he said unto him , What doest thou here , Elijah ?
15 : 29 And it came to pass , as the ark of the covenant of the LORD came to the city of David , that Michal , the daughter of Saul looking out at a window saw king David dancing and playing : and she despised him in her heart .
9 : 17 My God will cast them away , because they did not hearken unto him : and they shall be wanderers among the nations .
Don ' t let us be severe , don ' t let us be in a hurry to condemn him .
47 : 7 And thou saidst , I shall be a lady for ever : so that thou didst not lay these things to thy heart , neither didst remember the latter end of it .
4 : 24 This is the service of the families of the Gershonites , to serve , and for burdens : 4 : 25 And they shall bear the curtains of the tabernacle , and the tabernacle of the congregation , his covering , and the covering of the badgers ' skins that is above upon it , and the hanging for the door of the tabernacle of the congregation , 4 : 26 And the hangings of the court , and the hanging for the door of the gate of the court , which is by the tabernacle and by the altar round about , and their cords , and all the instruments of their service , and all that is made for them : so shall they serve .
And I answered him , I am an Amalekite .
39 : 9 Then Nebuzaradan the captain of the guard carried away captive into Babylon the remnant of the people that remained in the city , and those that fell away , that fell to him , with the rest of the people that remained .
And she answered , This woman said unto me , Give thy son , that we may eat him to day , and we will eat my son to morrow .
But I think , my dear , you said you had got it ."
28 : 16 By the multitude of thy merchandise they have filled the midst of thee with violence , and thou hast sinned : therefore I will cast thee as profane out of the mountain of God : and I will destroy thee , O covering cherub , from the midst of the stones of fire .
5 : 14 And they that fed the swine fled , and told it in the city , and in the country .
22 : 11 And it came to pass , when the king had heard the words of the book of the law , that he rent his clothes .
14 : 11 For whosoever exalteth himself shall be abased ; and he that humbleth himself shall be exalted .
43 : 24 And the man brought the men into Joseph ' s house , and gave them water , and they washed their feet ; and he gave their asses provender .
These were the sons of Jerahmeel .
8 : 59 Then took they up stones to cast at him : but Jesus hid himself , and went out of the temple , going through the midst of them , and so passed by .
The former left them soon after tea to fulfill her evening engagements ; and Elinor was obliged to assist in making a whist table for the others .
Then I called the priests , and took an oath of them , that they should do according to this promise .
23 : 3 Now the Levites were numbered from the age of thirty years and upward : and their number by their polls , man by man , was thirty and eight thousand .
18 : 30 And the children of Dan set up the graven image : and Jonathan , the son of Gershom , the son of Manasseh , he and his sons were priests to the tribe of Dan until the day of the captivity of the land .
49 : 8 Judah , thou art he whom thy brethren shall praise : thy hand shall be in the neck of thine enemies ; thy father ' s children shall bow down before thee .
40 : 22 And he put the table in the tent of the congregation , upon the side of the tabernacle northward , without the vail .
17 : 28 And Eliab his eldest brother heard when he spake unto the men ; and Eliab ' s anger was kindled against David , and he said , Why camest thou down hither ?
23 : 2 And they went about in Judah , and gathered the Levites out of all the cities of Judah , and the chief of the fathers of Israel , and they came to Jerusalem .
2 : 10 When they saw the star , they rejoiced with exceeding great joy .
10 : 7 So Joshua ascended from Gilgal , he , and all the people of war with him , and all the mighty men of valour .
Mr . John Knightley was a tall , gentleman - like , and very clever man ; rising in his profession , domestic , and respectable in his private character ; but with reserved manners which prevented his being generally pleasing ; and capable of being sometimes out of humour .
2 : 12 Now we have received , not the spirit of the world , but the spirit which is of God ; that we might know the things that are freely given to us of God .
The whole was tied up for the benefit of this child , who , in occasional visits with his father and mother at Norland , had so far gained on the affections of his uncle , by such attractions as are by no means unusual in children of two or three years old ; an imperfect articulation , an earnest desire of having his own way , many cunning tricks , and a great deal of noise , as to outweigh all the value of all the attention which , for years , he had received from his niece and her daughters .
My courage rises while I write .
12 : 15 And it shall come to pass , after that I have plucked them out I will return , and have compassion on them , and will bring them again , every man to his heritage , and every man to his land .
31 : 23 And he took his brethren with him , and pursued after him seven days ' journey ; and they overtook him in the mount Gilead .
25 : 27 And now this blessing which thine handmaid hath brought unto my lord , let it even be given unto the young men that follow my lord .
You must think one five hundred million times more above me than the other .
2 : 2 Then the king commanded to call the magicians , and the astrologers , and the sorcerers , and the Chaldeans , for to shew the king his dreams .
And yet it was far , very far , from impossible .-- Was it a new circumstance for a man of first - rate abilities to be captivated by very inferior powers ?
18 : 30 And the king said unto him , Turn aside , and stand here .
29 : 12 And I will make the land of Egypt desolate in the midst of the countries that are desolate , and her cities among the cities that are laid waste shall be desolate forty years : and I will scatter the Egyptians among the nations , and will disperse them through the countries .
I had known you by character , however , long before ."
12 : 2 The LORD hath also a controversy with Judah , and will punish Jacob according to his ways ; according to his doings will he recompense him .
And she said , An old man cometh up ; and he is covered with a mantle .
Anne , finding she might decline it , did so , very gratefully .
45 : 17 And it shall be the prince ' s part to give burnt offerings , and meat offerings , and drink offerings , in the feasts , and in the new moons , and in the sabbaths , in all solemnities of the house of Israel : he shall prepare the sin offering , and the meat offering , and the burnt offering , and the peace offerings , to make reconciliation for the house of Israel .
5 : 7 And when the men of Ashdod saw that it was so , they said , The ark of the God of Israel shall not abide with us : for his hand is sore upon us , and upon Dagon our god .
I believe the reverse .
10 : 17 And it was told Joshua , saying , The five kings are found hid in a cave at Makkedah .
5 : 7 And their children , whom he raised up in their stead , them Joshua circumcised : for they were uncircumcised , because they had not circumcised them by the way .
15 : 1 And it came to pass after this , that Absalom prepared him chariots and horses , and fifty men to run before him .
22 : 4 If the theft be certainly found in his hand alive , whether it be ox , or ass , or sheep ; he shall restore double .
" Depend upon it , Elton will not do .
5 : 4 And all the elders of Israel came ; and the Levites took up the ark .
I never saw any thing so hard .
8 : 31 And he began to teach them , that the Son of man must suffer many things , and be rejected of the elders , and of the chief priests , and scribes , and be killed , and after three days rise again .
1 : 9 And afterward the children of Judah went down to fight against the Canaanites , that dwelt in the mountain , and in the south , and in the valley .
To begin without knowing that at such a time there will be the means of marrying , I hold to be very unsafe and unwise , and what I think all parents should prevent as far as they can ."
106 : 15 And he gave them their request ; but sent leanness into their soul .
And when Saul looked behind him , David stooped with his face to the earth , and bowed himself .
36 : 25 Then will I sprinkle clean water upon you , and ye shall be clean : from all your filthiness , and from all your idols , will I cleanse you .
31 : 4 And the LORD shall do unto them as he did to Sihon and to Og , kings of the Amorites , and unto the land of them , whom he destroyed .
The same story and the same raptures were repeated , when the two girls came with their father , through the gloom of the evening , to make enquiries ; and Mr Musgrove , no longer under the first uneasiness about his heir , could add his confirmation and praise , and hope there would be now no occasion for putting Captain Wentworth off , and only be sorry to think that the cottage party , probably , would not like to leave the little boy , to give him the meeting .
I am sure I never suspected it , you did it so naturally ."
141 : 6 When their judges are overthrown in stony places , they shall hear my words ; for they are sweet .
And the servant had said , It is my master : therefore she took a vail , and covered herself .
10 : 25 Pour out thy fury upon the heathen that know thee not , and upon the families that call not on thy name : for they have eaten up Jacob , and devoured him , and consumed him , and have made his habitation desolate .
You have many parties of that kind here , I suppose , Miss Woodhouse , every summer ?"
22 : 21 Yea , I will gather you , and blow upon you in the fire of my wrath , and ye shall be melted in the midst therof .
So they were shut up unto the day of their death , living in widowhood .
" Prisoned on watery shore , Starry jealousy does keep my den Cold and hoar ; Weeping o ' re , I hear the father of the ancient men .
13 : 7 And there was a strife between the herdmen of Abram ' s cattle and the herdmen of Lot ' s cattle : and the Canaanite and the Perizzite dwelled then in the land .
She acknowledged , therefore , that though she had never been informed by themselves of the terms on which they stood with each other , of their mutual affection she had no doubt , and of their correspondence she was not astonished to hear .
And they covenanted with him for thirty pieces of silver .
I never saw such a likeness in my life .
" He was too good !-- she could not endure the thought !-- she would not give him such a troublesome office for the world ,"-- brought on the desired repetition of entreaties and assurances ,-- and a very few minutes settled the business .
17 : 10 So likewise ye , when ye shall have done all those things which are commanded you , say , We are unprofitable servants : we have done that which was our duty to do .
" You have probably entirely forgotten a conversation -- ( it is not to be supposed that it could make any impression on you )-- a conversation between us one evening at Barton Park -- it was the evening of a dance -- in which I alluded to a lady I had once known , as resembling , in some measure , your sister Marianne ."
13 : 9 For we are glad , when we are weak , and ye are strong : and this also we wish , even your perfection .
9 : 12 One woe is past ; and , behold , there come two woes more hereafter .
30 : 8 And thou shalt return and obey the voice of the LORD , and do all his commandments which I command thee this day .
Do you know any family of that name ?"
12 : 24 But the word of God grew and multiplied .
The two other gentlemen waited at the door to let her pass .
15 : 6 Or for a ram , thou shalt prepare for a meat offering two tenth deals of flour mingled with the third part of an hin of oil .
51 : 31 One post shall run to meet another , and one messenger to meet another , to shew the king of Babylon that his city is taken at one end , 51 : 32 And that the passages are stopped , and the reeds they have burned with fire , and the men of war are affrighted .
8 : 18 And we have sent with him the brother , whose praise is in the gospel throughout all the churches ; 8 : 19 And not that only , but who was also chosen of the churches to travel with us with this grace , which is administered by us to the glory of the same Lord , and declaration of your ready mind : 8 : 20 Avoiding this , that no man should blame us in this abundance which is administered by us : 8 : 21 Providing for honest things , not only in the sight of the Lord , but also in the sight of men .
3 : 16 Length of days is in her right hand ; and in her left hand riches and honour .
In all probability she was at this very time waited for there ; and Mr . Knightley might be preserved from sinking deeper in aggression towards Mr . Elton , if not towards William Larkins .
14 : 37 And Saul asked counsel of God , Shall I go down after the Philistines ?
65 : 22 They shall not build , and another inhabit ; they shall not plant , and another eat : for as the days of a tree are the days of my people , and mine elect shall long enjoy the work of their hands .
It was not in his calmness that she read his comparative difference .
9 : 14 Therefore hath the LORD watched upon the evil , and brought it upon us : for the LORD our God is righteous in all his works which he doeth : for we obeyed not his voice .
50 : 15 And when Joseph ' s brethren saw that their father was dead , they said , Joseph will peradventure hate us , and will certainly requite us all the evil which we did unto him .
26 : 22 These are the families of Judah according to those that were numbered of them , threescore and sixteen thousand and five hundred .
36 : 22 And the children of Lotan were Hori and Hemam ; and Lotan ' s sister was Timna .
31 : 21 Set thee up waymarks , make thee high heaps : set thine heart toward the highway , even the way which thou wentest : turn again , O virgin of Israel , turn again to these thy cities .
34 : 17 Thou shalt make thee no molten gods .
And the priests answered and said , No .
9 : 2 If I be not an apostle unto others , yet doubtless I am to you : for the seal of mine apostleship are ye in the Lord .
14 : 13 And Asa and the people that were with him pursued them unto Gerar : and the Ethiopians were overthrown , that they could not recover themselves ; for they were destroyed before the LORD , and before his host ; and they carried away very much spoil .
And Saul sought him every day , but God delivered him not into his hand .
12 : 14 For God shall bring every work into judgment , with every secret thing , whether it be good , or whether it be evil .
7 : 4 And when they come from the market , except they wash , they eat not .
Time , you may be sure , will make one or the other of us think differently ; and , in the meanwhile , we need not talk much on the subject ."
" Certainly , he is not like Mr . Knightley .
Jealousy of Mr Elliot had been the retarding weight , the doubt , the torment .
17 : 15 And they rejected his statutes , and his covenant that he made with their fathers , and his testimonies which he testified against them ; and they followed vanity , and became vain , and went after the heathen that were round about them , concerning whom the LORD had charged them , that they should not do like them .
6 : 2 Hear ye , O mountains , the LORD ' s controversy , and ye strong foundations of the earth : for the LORD hath a controversy with his people , and he will plead with Israel .
10 : 6 And when the children of Ammon saw that they stank before David , the children of Ammon sent and hired the Syrians of Bethrehob and the Syrians of Zoba , twenty thousand footmen , and of king Maacah a thousand men , and of Ishtob twelve thousand men .
27 : 46 And Rebekah said to Isaac , I am weary of my life because of the daughters of Heth : if Jacob take a wife of the daughters of Heth , such as these which are of the daughters of the land , what good shall my life do me ?
Here , she must be leading a life of privation and penance ; there it would have been all enjoyment .
22 : 28 And the LORD opened the mouth of the ass , and she said unto Balaam , What have I done unto thee , that thou hast smitten me these three times ?
17 : 31 In that day , he which shall be upon the housetop , and his stuff in the house , let him not come down to take it away : and he that is in the field , let him likewise not return back .
You might not see one in a hundred with _gentleman_ so plainly written as in Mr . Knightley .
For you alone , I think and plan .
Anne kept her appointment ; the others kept theirs , and of course she heard the next morning that they had had a delightful evening .
I had a vast deal more to say to you , but I must not stay away from them not any longer .
And Saul said , Because I saw that the people were scattered from me , and that thou camest not within the days appointed , and that the Philistines gathered themselves together at Michmash ; 13 : 12 Therefore said I , The Philistines will come down now upon me to Gilgal , and I have not made supplication unto the LORD : I forced myself therefore , and offered a burnt offering .
20 : 35 And a certain man of the sons of the prophets said unto his neighbour in the word of the LORD , Smite me , I pray thee .
3 : 26 I was not in safety , neither had I rest , neither was I quiet ; yet trouble came .
And he said , Hearken , all ye people .
And there was war between Abijah and Jeroboam .
62 : 2 And the Gentiles shall see thy righteousness , and all kings thy glory : and thou shalt be called by a new name , which the mouth of the LORD shall name .
1 : 5 Moreover the brasen altar , that Bezaleel the son of Uri , the son of Hur , had made , he put before the tabernacle of the LORD : and Solomon and the congregation sought unto it .
when wilt thou execute judgment on them that persecute me ?
" Perhaps ," said Willoughby , " his observations may have extended to the existence of nabobs , gold mohrs , and palanquins ."
I know he had horses to - day -- for we arrived together ; and I laughed at him about it , but he said not a word that could betray ."
is thy counsellor perished ?
26 : 54 To many thou shalt give the more inheritance , and to few thou shalt give the less inheritance : to every one shall his inheritance be given according to those that were numbered of him .
But Paul , being grieved , turned and said to the spirit , I command thee in the name of Jesus Christ to come out of her .
1 : 36 Save Caleb the son of Jephunneh ; he shall see it , and to him will I give the land that he hath trodden upon , and to his children , because he hath wholly followed the LORD .
12 : 2 The rich man had exceeding many flocks and herds : 12 : 3 But the poor man had nothing , save one little ewe lamb , which he had bought and nourished up : and it grew up together with him , and with his children ; it did eat of his own meat , and drank of his own cup , and lay in his bosom , and was unto him as a daughter .
34 : 12 Ask me never so much dowry and gift , and I will give according as ye shall say unto me : but give me the damsel to wife .
" Very true ," he gravely replied ; " it was very bad ."
2 : 29 He that hath an ear , let him hear what the Spirit saith unto the churches .
7 : 2 And it came to pass , that when they had made an end of eating the grass of the land , then I said , O Lord GOD , forgive , I beseech thee : by whom shall Jacob arise ?
143 : 1 Hear my prayer , O LORD , give ear to my supplications : in thy faithfulness answer me , and in thy righteousness .
15 : 40 There were also women looking on afar off : among whom was Mary Magdalene , and Mary the mother of James the less and of Joses , and Salome ; 15 : 41 ( Who also , when he was in Galilee , followed him , and ministered unto him ;) and many other women which came up with him unto Jerusalem .
1 : 11 Be ye ashamed , O ye husbandmen ; howl , O ye vinedressers , for the wheat and for the barley ; because the harvest of the field is perished .
7 : 7 And there went up some of the children of Israel , and of the priests , and the Levites , and the singers , and the porters , and the Nethinims , unto Jerusalem , in the seventh year of Artaxerxes the king .
22 : 5 But if ye will not hear these words , I swear by myself , saith the LORD , that this house shall become a desolation .
" Well , Emma , I do not believe I have any thing more to say about the boys ; but you have your sister ' s letter , and every thing is down at full length there we may be sure .
It would be the greatest pleasure to them , if you could allow me to attend you there .
18 : 25 Am I now come up without the LORD against this place to destroy it ?
8 : 6 I hearkened and heard , but they spake not aright : no man repented him of his wickedness , saying , What have I done ?
The instrument was unlocked , every body prepared to be charmed , and Marianne , who sang very well , at their request went through the chief of the songs which Lady Middleton had brought into the family on her marriage , and which perhaps had lain ever since in the same position on the pianoforte , for her ladyship had celebrated that event by giving up music , although by her mother ' s account , she had played extremely well , and by her own was very fond of it .
Emma smiled , and felt that Mr . Weston had very good reason for saying so .
And Jethro said to Moses , Go in peace .
Emma assured her there would be no difficulty in the answer , and advised its being written directly , which was agreed to , in the hope of her assistance ; and though Emma continued to protest against any assistance being wanted , it was in fact given in the formation of every sentence .
would ye stay for them from having husbands ?
1 : 7 And he said unto them , What manner of man was he which came up to meet you , and told you these words ?
20 : 9 The eye also which saw him shall see him no more ; neither shall his place any more behold him .
73 : 18 Surely thou didst set them in slippery places : thou castedst them down into destruction .
2 : 14 For the earth shall be filled with the knowledge of the glory of the LORD , as the waters cover the sea .
26 : 4 And he did that which was right in the sight of the LORD , according to all that his father Amaziah did .
" That will never be , however , I can assure you .
I can safely say I owe you no ill - will , and am sure you will be too generous to do us any ill offices .
Elizabeth was certainly very handsome , with well - bred , elegant manners , and her character might never have been penetrated by Mr Elliot , knowing her but in public , and when very young himself .
1 : 44 Now Philip was of Bethsaida , the city of Andrew and Peter .
He could meet even Lady Russell in a discussion of her merits ; and Anne could not be given to understand so much by her friend , could not know herself to be so highly rated by a sensible man , without many of those agreeable sensations which her friend meant to create .
10 : 13 When he uttereth his voice , there is a multitude of waters in the heavens , and he causeth the vapours to ascend from the ends of the earth ; he maketh lightnings with rain , and bringeth forth the wind out of his treasures .
16 : 22 If any man love not the Lord Jesus Christ , let him be Anathema Maranatha .
16 : 21 And David came to Saul , and stood before him : and he loved him greatly ; and he became his armourbearer .
2 : 8 And immediately when Jesus perceived in his spirit that they so reasoned within themselves , he said unto them , Why reason ye these things in your hearts ?
There was no resisting such news , no possibility of avoiding the influence of such a happy face as Mr . Weston ' s , confirmed as it all was by the words and the countenance of his wife , fewer and quieter , but not less to the purpose .
115 : 4 Their idols are silver and gold , the work of men ' s hands .
7 : 24 Hearken unto me now therefore , O ye children , and attend to the words of my mouth .
He has broken no faith with me ."
10 : 14 And Saul ' s uncle said unto him and to his servant , Whither went ye ?
2 : 17 For the violence of Lebanon shall cover thee , and the spoil of beasts , which made them afraid , because of men ' s blood , and for the violence of the land , of the city , and of all that dwell therein .
9 : 27 And they lodged round about the house of God , because the charge was upon them , and the opening thereof every morning pertained to them .
34 : 18 Seemeth it a small thing unto you to have eaten up the good pasture , but ye must tread down with your feet the residue of your pastures ?
20 : 14 Then came Isaiah the prophet unto king Hezekiah , and said unto him , What said these men ?
21 : 31 Who shall declare his way to his face ?
10 : 5 They are upright as the palm tree , but speak not : they must needs be borne , because they cannot go .
Then answered Peter , 10 : 47 Can any man forbid water , that these should not be baptized , which have received the Holy Ghost as well as we ?
6 : 19 I speak after the manner of men because of the infirmity of your flesh : for as ye have yielded your members servants to uncleanness and to iniquity unto iniquity ; even so now yield your members servants to righteousness unto holiness .
10 : 7 His mouth is full of cursing and deceit and fraud : under his tongue is mischief and vanity .
NURSE ' S SONG
It is a sweet place , by all accounts ."
42 : 4 When I remember these things , I pour out my soul in me : for I had gone with the multitude , I went with them to the house of God , with the voice of joy and praise , with a multitude that kept holyday .
With such a reward for her tears , the child was too wise to cease crying .
11 : 17 And if some of the branches be broken off , and thou , being a wild olive tree , wert graffed in among them , and with them partakest of the root and fatness of the olive tree ; 11 : 18 Boast not against the branches .
Lady Russell could not help laughing .
36 : 10 And when the year was expired , king Nebuchadnezzar sent , and brought him to Babylon , with the goodly vessels of the house of the LORD , and made Zedekiah his brother king over Judah and Jerusalem .
4 : 16 And the priest that is anointed shall bring of the bullock ' s blood to the tabernacle of the congregation : 4 : 17 And the priest shall dip his finger in some of the blood , and sprinkle it seven times before the LORD , even before the vail .
Emma was gratified , and would soon have shewn no want of words , if the sound of Mrs . Elton ' s voice from the sitting - room had not checked her , and made it expedient to compress all her friendly and all her congratulatory sensations into a very , very earnest shake of the hand .
With her children they were in continual raptures , extolling their beauty , courting their notice , and humouring their whims ; and such of their time as could be spared from the importunate demands which this politeness made on it , was spent in admiration of whatever her ladyship was doing , if she happened to be doing any thing , or in taking patterns of some elegant new dress , in which her appearance the day before had thrown them into unceasing delight .
Emma did not repent her condescension in going to the Coles .
I suppose there is not a man in such practice anywhere .
21 : 3 And for his sister a virgin , that is nigh unto him , which hath had no husband ; for her may he be defiled .
" I am sorry to find you unwell ," replied Anne .
20 : 15 And Abimelech said , Behold , my land is before thee : dwell where it pleaseth thee .
very well ; time will explain ."
29 : 11 When the ear heard me , then it blessed me ; and when the eye saw me , it gave witness to me : 29 : 12 Because I delivered the poor that cried , and the fatherless , and him that had none to help him .
No ; whatever it might once have been , she could not believe it such at present .
I never saw any thing so outree !-- Those curls !-- This must be a fancy of her own .
3 : 8 Finally , be ye all of one mind , having compassion one of another , love as brethren , be pitiful , be courteous : 3 : 9 Not rendering evil for evil , or railing for railing : but contrariwise blessing ; knowing that ye are thereunto called , that ye should inherit a blessing .
3 : 10 A man that is an heretick after the first and second admonition reject ; 3 : 11 Knowing that he that is such is subverted , and sinneth , being condemned of himself .
And the LORD heard it .
Mr . Frank Churchill , I must tell you my mother ' s spectacles have never been in fault since ; the rivet never came out again .
Mr Elliot had attempted no apology , and shewn himself as unsolicitous of being longer noticed by the family , as Sir Walter considered him unworthy of it : all acquaintance between them had ceased .
1 : 8 We therefore ought to receive such , that we might be fellowhelpers to the truth .
18 : 24 Peradventure there be fifty righteous within the city : wilt thou also destroy and not spare the place for the fifty righteous that are therein ?
25 : 6 How much less man , that is a worm ?
Harriet ' s staying away so long was beginning to make her uneasy .
She coloured deeply , and he recollected himself and moved away .
52 : 13 Behold , my servant shall deal prudently , he shall be exalted and extolled , and be very high .
5 : 20 And David came to Baalperazim , and David smote them there , and said , The LORD hath broken forth upon mine enemies before me , as the breach of waters .
Soft is the very word for her eye -- of all epithets , the justest that could be given .
I ought to travel .
), they happened to say , that her brother , Captain Wentworth , is just returned to England , or paid off , or something , and is coming to see them almost directly ; and most unluckily it came into mamma ' s head , when they were gone , that Wentworth , or something very like it , was the name of poor Richard ' s captain at one time ; I do not know when or where , but a great while before he died , poor fellow !
136 : 2 O give thanks unto the God of gods : for his mercy endureth for ever .
20 : 13 And , behold , there came a prophet unto Ahab king of Israel , saying , Thus saith the LORD , Hast thou seen all this great multitude ?
12 : 17 Then Hazael king of Syria went up , and fought against Gath , and took it : and Hazael set his face to go up to Jerusalem .
1 : 9 Then said God , Call his name Loammi : for ye are not my people , and I will not be your God .
After him repaired Meshullam the son of Berechiah over against his chamber .
" What am I to imagine , Willoughby , by your behaviour last night ?
28 : 6 When Esau saw that Isaac had blessed Jacob , and sent him away to Padanaram , to take him a wife from thence ; and that as he blessed him he gave him a charge , saying , Thou shalt not take a wife of the daughers of Canaan ; 28 : 7 And that Jacob obeyed his father and his mother , and was gone to Padanaram ; 28 : 8 And Esau seeing that the daughters of Canaan pleased not Isaac his father ; 28 : 9 Then went Esau unto Ishmael , and took unto the wives which he had Mahalath the daughter of Ishmael Abraham ' s son , the sister of Nebajoth , to be his wife .
The real circumstances of this pathetic piece of family history were , that the Musgroves had had the ill fortune of a very troublesome , hopeless son ; and the good fortune to lose him before he reached his twentieth year ; that he had been sent to sea because he was stupid and unmanageable on shore ; that he had been very little cared for at any time by his family , though quite as much as he deserved ; seldom heard of , and scarcely at all regretted , when the intelligence of his death abroad had worked its way to Uppercross , two years before .
20 : 1 When thou goest out to battle against thine enemies , and seest horses , and chariots , and a people more than thou , be not afraid of them : for the LORD thy God is with thee , which brought thee up out of the land of Egypt .
22 : 14 So Hilkiah the priest , and Ahikam , and Achbor , and Shaphan , and Asahiah , went unto Huldah the prophetess , the wife of Shallum the son of Tikvah , the son of Harhas , keeper of the wardrobe ; ( now she dwelt in Jerusalem in the college ;) and they communed with her .
4 : 25 Then Zipporah took a sharp stone , and cut off the foreskin of her son , and cast it at his feet , and said , Surely a bloody husband art thou to me .
The General Epistle of Jude
22 : 15 And the angel of the LORD called unto Abraham out of heaven the second time , 22 : 16 And said , By myself have I sworn , saith the LORD , for because thou hast done this thing , and hast not withheld thy son , thine only son : 22 : 17 That in blessing I will bless thee , and in multiplying I will multiply thy seed as the stars of the heaven , and as the sand which is upon the sea shore ; and thy seed shall possess the gate of his enemies ; 22 : 18 And in thy seed shall all the nations of the earth be blessed ; because thou hast obeyed my voice .
34 : 31 And ye my flock , the flock of my pasture , are men , and I am your God , saith the Lord GOD .
and when thou mockest , shall no man make thee ashamed ?
And he left them , and departed .
I shall forget my own name soon , I suppose .
If you remember any queernesses , set them all to the right account .-- Of the pianoforte so much talked of , I feel it only necessary to say , that its being ordered was absolutely unknown to Miss F --, who would never have allowed me to send it , had any choice been given her .-- The delicacy of her mind throughout the whole engagement , my dear madam , is much beyond my power of doing justice to .
21 : 12 And Jesus went into the temple of God , and cast out all them that sold and bought in the temple , and overthrew the tables of the moneychangers , and the seats of them that sold doves , 21 : 13 And said unto them , It is written , My house shall be called the house of prayer ; but ye have made it a den of thieves .
I left her this morning with her lawyer , talking over the business ."
Do not we rather surpass your expectations ?
120 : 3 What shall be given unto thee ?
" Has he so !-- Then I know nothing of Mr . Elton .
10 : 27 And it came to pass at the time of the going down of the sun , that Joshua commanded , and they took them down off the trees , and cast them into the cave wherein they had been hid , and laid great stones in the cave ' s mouth , which remain until this very day .
7 : 23 And they took them out of the midst of the tent , and brought them unto Joshua , and unto all the children of Israel , and laid them out before the LORD .
" So much the better -- or so much the worse :-- I do not know which .
20 : 6 And the soul that turneth after such as have familiar spirits , and after wizards , to go a whoring after them , I will even set my face against that soul , and will cut him off from among his people .
My sister will be equally sorry to miss the pleasure of seeing you ; but she has been very much plagued lately with nervous head - aches , which make her unfit for company or conversation ."
7 : 11 Thus Solomon finished the house of the LORD , and the king ' s house : and all that came into Solomon ' s heart to make in the house of the LORD , and in his own house , he prosperously effected .
Still , however , affection was glad to catch at any reasonable excuse for not hurrying on the wretched moment .
It is as pretty a letter as ever I saw , and does Lucy ' s head and heart great credit ."
41 : 27 He esteemeth iron as straw , and brass as rotten wood .
If one thinks of all that it has to do , and all that it does so well , it is really astonishing !"
we cannot tell what he saith .
75 : 8 For in the hand of the LORD there is a cup , and the wine is red ; it is full of mixture ; and he poureth out of the same : but the dregs thereof , all the wicked of the earth shall wring them out , and drink them .
Selah .
1 : 6 Then she arose with her daughters in law , that she might return from the country of Moab : for she had heard in the country of Moab how that the LORD had visited his people in giving them bread .
6 : 8 Then I sent unto him , saying , There are no such things done as thou sayest , but thou feignest them out of thine own heart .
8 : 9 If she be a wall , we will build upon her a palace of silver : and if she be a door , we will inclose her with boards of cedar .
She tried to be calm , and leave things to take their course , and tried to dwell much on this argument of rational dependence :-- " Surely , if there be constant attachment on each side , our hearts must understand each other ere long .
" Such weather makes every thing and every body disgusting .
120 : 6 My soul hath long dwelt with him that hateth peace .
Elinor for a few moments remained silent .
13 : 14 She may not eat of any thing that cometh of the vine , neither let her drink wine or strong drink , nor eat any unclean thing : all that I commanded her let her observe .
And one of the king of Israel ' s servants answered and said , Here is Elisha the son of Shaphat , which poured water on the hands of Elijah .
She then found that it consisted of Mrs Musgrove , Henrietta , and Captain Harville , beside their two selves .
It is encouraging people to marry if you make so much of them ."
4 : 24 And he said , Verily I say unto you , No prophet is accepted in his own country .
An injunction of secresy had been among Mr . Weston ' s parting words .
But she had seen enough of him to join in all the admiration of the others , and with an energy which always adorned her praise .
My mother ' s are really very good indeed .
So seldom that a letter , among the thousands that are constantly passing about the kingdom , is even carried wrong -- and not one in a million , I suppose , actually lost !
4 : 29 Let no corrupt communication proceed out of your mouth , but that which is good to the use of edifying , that it may minister grace unto the hearers .
And Cushi bowed himself unto Joab , and ran .
2 : 10 And also all that generation were gathered unto their fathers : and there arose another generation after them , which knew not the LORD , nor yet the works which he had done for Israel .
17 : 53 And the children of Israel returned from chasing after the Philistines , and they spoiled their tents .
The advantage of his having to come only to Uppercross , instead of going six miles another way ; of his having , in every respect , a better curacy ; of his belonging to their dear Dr Shirley , and of dear , good Dr Shirley ' s being relieved from the duty which he could no longer get through without most injurious fatigue , had been a great deal , even to Louisa , but had been almost everything to Henrietta .
Mrs Smith hesitated a little here .
37 : 13 He causeth it to come , whether for correction , or for his land , or for mercy .
2 : 9 The glory of this latter house shall be greater than of the former , saith the LORD of hosts : and in this place will I give peace , saith the LORD of hosts .
7 : 10 And every meat offering , mingled with oil , and dry , shall all the sons of Aaron have , one as much as another .
" That ' s quite unnecessary ; I see Jane every day :-- but as you like .
26 : 34 Jesus said unto him , Verily I say unto thee , That this night , before the cock crow , thou shalt deny me thrice .
1 : 5 And there went out unto him all the land of Judaea , and they of Jerusalem , and were all baptized of him in the river of Jordan , confessing their sins .
He coloured as he replied , " You are very kind , but I have no idea of returning into Devonshire immediately .
6 : 34 And Jesus , when he came out , saw much people , and was moved with compassion toward them , because they were as sheep not having a shepherd : and he began to teach them many things .
2 : 7 And she brought forth her firstborn son , and wrapped him in swaddling clothes , and laid him in a manger ; because there was no room for them in the inn .
29 : 29 And when they had made an end of offering , the king and all that were present with him bowed themselves , and worshipped .
My dear Harriet , what do you mean ?
5 : 2 Behold , I Paul say unto you , that if ye be circumcised , Christ shall profit you nothing .
30 : 1 Woe to the rebellious children , saith the LORD , that take counsel , but not of me ; and that cover with a covering , but not of my spirit , that they may add sin to sin : 30 : 2 That walk to go down into Egypt , and have not asked at my mouth ; to strengthen themselves in the strength of Pharaoh , and to trust in the shadow of Egypt !
Facts or opinions which are to pass through the hands of so many , to be misconceived by folly in one , and ignorance in another , can hardly have much truth left ."
2 : 6 But there went up a mist from the earth , and watered the whole face of the ground .
32 : 43 And fields shall be bought in this land , whereof ye say , It is desolate without man or beast ; it is given into the hand of the Chaldeans .
4 : 18 And Moses went and returned to Jethro his father in law , and said unto him , Let me go , I pray thee , and return unto my brethren which are in Egypt , and see whether they be yet alive .
She exclaimed , however , with a very tolerable imitation of nature : --
It regarded a supper - room .
" Oh !"
9 : 13 For if the blood of bulls and of goats , and the ashes of an heifer sprinkling the unclean , sanctifieth to the purifying of the flesh : 9 : 14 How much more shall the blood of Christ , who through the eternal Spirit offered himself without spot to God , purge your conscience from dead works to serve the living God ?
10 : 19 And the cherubims lifted up their wings , and mounted up from the earth in my sight : when they went out , the wheels also were beside them , and every one stood at the door of the east gate of the LORD ' s house ; and the glory of the God of Israel was over them above .
51 : 1 Hearken to me , ye that follow after righteousness , ye that seek the LORD : look unto the rock whence ye are hewn , and to the hole of the pit whence ye are digged .
1 : 1 The words of Amos , who was among the herdmen of Tekoa , which he saw concerning Israel in the days of Uzziah king of Judah , and in the days of Jeroboam the son of Joash king of Israel , two years before the earthquake .
I wonder what will become of her !"
whom have I oppressed ?
14 : 2 He that walketh in his uprightness feareth the LORD : but he that is perverse in his ways despiseth him .
47 : 13 Thou art wearied in the multitude of thy counsels .
These were reckoned by their genealogy in their villages , whom David and Samuel the seer did ordain in their set office .
1 : 51 And when the tabernacle setteth forward , the Levites shall take it down : and when the tabernacle is to be pitched , the Levites shall set it up : and the stranger that cometh nigh shall be put to death .
_Perfection_ should not have come quite so soon ."
31 : 28 And it shall come to pass , that like as I have watched over them , to pluck up , and to break down , and to throw down , and to destroy , and to afflict ; so will I watch over them , to build , and to plant , saith the LORD .
" To confess the truth ," said Mrs Smith , assuming her usual air of cheerfulness , " that is exactly the pleasure I want you to have .
The aunt was a capricious woman , and governed her husband entirely ; but it was not in Mr . Weston ' s nature to imagine that any caprice could be strong enough to affect one so dear , and , as he believed , so deservedly dear .
We must allow for the effect of shade , you know ."
3 : 8 But now ye also put off all these ; anger , wrath , malice , blasphemy , filthy communication out of your mouth .
Harriet had no penetration .
83 : 14 As the fire burneth a wood , and as the flame setteth the mountains on fire ;
You divert me against my conscience .
28 : 9 And thou shalt take two onyx stones , and grave on them the names of the children of Israel : 28 : 10 Six of their names on one stone , and the other six names of the rest on the other stone , according to their birth .
10 : 23 For the Lord GOD of hosts shall make a consumption , even determined , in the midst of all the land .
10 : 8 The wise in heart will receive commandments : but a prating fool shall fall .
20 : 8 And there were many lights in the upper chamber , where they were gathered together .
51 : 36 Therefore thus saith the LORD ; Behold , I will plead thy cause , and take vengeance for thee ; and I will dry up her sea , and make her springs dry .
34 : 18 And their words pleased Hamor , and Shechem Hamor ' s son .
19 : 6 And when Paul had laid his hands upon them , the Holy Ghost came on them ; and they spake with tongues , and prophesied .
23 : 25 And ye shall serve the LORD your God , and he shall bless thy bread , and thy water ; and I will take sickness away from the midst of thee .
Anne always contemplated them as some of the happiest creatures of her acquaintance ; but still , saved as we all are , by some comfortable feeling of superiority from wishing for the possibility of exchange , she would not have given up her own more elegant and cultivated mind for all their enjoyments ; and envied them nothing but that seemingly perfect good understanding and agreement together , that good - humoured mutual affection , of which she had known so little herself with either of her sisters .
bring him unto me .
11 : 19 Thou wilt say then , The branches were broken off , that I might be graffed in .
42 : 5 Now the upper chambers were shorter : for the galleries were higher than these , than the lower , and than the middlemost of the building .
10 : 34 For ye had compassion of me in my bonds , and took joyfully the spoiling of your goods , knowing in yourselves that ye have in heaven a better and an enduring substance .
yes ,-- I am quite convinced that , with very few exceptions , the sea - air always does good .
which is , being interpreted , My God , my God , why hast thou forsaken me ?
25 : 15 Wherefore the anger of the LORD was kindled against Amaziah , and he sent unto him a prophet , which said unto him , Why hast thou sought after the gods of the people , which could not deliver their own people out of thine hand ?
18 : 9 The gin shall take him by the heel , and the robber shall prevail against him .
I remember it perfectly .
24 : 48 And ye are witnesses of these things .
Is it lawful to give tribute unto Caesar , or not ?
145 : 4 One generation shall praise thy works to another , and shall declare thy mighty acts .
61 : 1 Hear my cry , O God ; attend unto my prayer .
27 : 28 Notwithstanding no devoted thing , that a man shall devote unto the LORD of all that he hath , both of man and beast , and of the field of his possession , shall be sold or redeemed : every devoted thing is most holy unto the LORD .
It can be round in five minutes ."
This was the letter , directed to " Charles Smith , Esq .
But neither Charles Hayter ' s feelings , nor anybody ' s feelings , could interest her , till she had a little better arranged her own .
" I have heard him lamenting her having no instrument repeatedly ; oftener than I should suppose such a circumstance would , in the common course of things , occur to him ."
" So early too !
The weather added what it could of gloom .
33 : 13 And he said unto him , My lord knoweth that the children are tender , and the flocks and herds with young are with me : and if men should overdrive them one day , all the flock will die .
3 : 16 And Moses numbered them according to the word of the LORD , as he was commanded .
1 : 13 This witness is true .
1 : 26 And in the sixth month the angel Gabriel was sent from God unto a city of Galilee , named Nazareth , 1 : 27 To a virgin espoused to a man whose name was Joseph , of the house of David ; and the virgin ' s name was Mary .
24 : 41 And while they yet believed not for joy , and wondered , he said unto them , Have ye here any meat ?
I am sure they will like her extremely ; and when she gets a little acquainted with them , her fears will completely wear off , for there really is nothing in the manners of either but what is highly conciliating .-- I shall have her very often indeed while they are with me , and I dare say we shall sometimes find a seat for her in the barouche - landau in some of our exploring parties ."
I have reserved to myself seven thousand men , who have not bowed the knee to the image of Baal .
My dear , did you change your stockings ?"
5 : 25 Now therefore why should we die ?
20 : 5 And they shall be afraid and ashamed of Ethiopia their expectation , and of Egypt their glory .
1 : 8 I am Alpha and Omega , the beginning and the ending , saith the Lord , which is , and which was , and which is to come , the Almighty .
13 : 24 And the woman bare a son , and called his name Samson : and the child grew , and the LORD blessed him .
` If _Miss_ _Taylor_ undertakes to wrap Miss Emma up , you need not have any fears , sir .'
28 : 18 Cursed shall be the fruit of thy body , and the fruit of thy land , the increase of thy kine , and the flocks of thy sheep .
And Jehonadab answered , It is .
17 : 31 And when the words were heard which David spake , they rehearsed them before Saul : and he sent for him .
2 : 8 Even of late my people is risen up as an enemy : ye pull off the robe with the garment from them that pass by securely as men averse from war .
2 : 37 For it shall be , that on the day thou goest out , and passest over the brook Kidron , thou shalt know for certain that thou shalt surely die : thy blood shall be upon thine own head .
7 : 6 And Esther said , The adversary and enemy is this wicked Haman .
"' Tis twelve ; I shall not forget to think of you four hours hence ; and by this time to - morrow , perhaps , or a little later , I may be thinking of the possibility of their all calling here .
" My dearest child ," said her mother , laughing , " at this rate you must be in continual terror of MY decay ; and it must seem to you a miracle that my life has been extended to the advanced age of forty ."
30 : 14 But the word is very nigh unto thee , in thy mouth , and in thy heart , that thou mayest do it .
He saw no fault in the room , he would acknowledge none which they suggested .
Emma was in the humour to value simplicity and modesty to the utmost ; and all that was amiable , all that ought to be attaching , seemed on Harriet ' s side , not her own .
Marianne Dashwood was born to an extraordinary fate .
1 : 6 How are the things of Esau searched out !
" No ," said Mr . Knightley , nearly at the same time ; " you are not often deficient ; not often deficient either in manner or comprehension .
10 : 7 Then said Jesus unto them again , Verily , verily , I say unto you , I am the door of the sheep .
Plain dealing was always best .
12 : 21 There shall no evil happen to the just : but the wicked shall be filled with mischief .
What can you suppose ?"
25 : 1 Then answered Bildad the Shuhite , and said , 25 : 2 Dominion and fear are with him , he maketh peace in his high places .
Elinor could not be surprised at their attachment .
She would not take a denial .
" Well , papa , if this is not encouragement to marry , I do not know what is .
A man must be very much in love , indeed , to describe her so .
While she with the truest affection had been planning a most eligible connection for him , was it to be supposed that he could be all the time secretly engaged to another person !-- such a suspicion could never have entered her head !
15 : 11 These things have I spoken unto you , that my joy might remain in you , and that your joy might be full .
cried Emma ; " at that rate , what will become of her ?"
5 : 15 Insomuch that they brought forth the sick into the streets , and laid them on beds and couches , that at the least the shadow of Peter passing by might overshadow some of them .
He did so , but very soon stopt again to say , " the pianoforte !
7 : 15 He made a pit , and digged it , and is fallen into the ditch which he made .
8 : 6 Therefore thou shalt keep the commandments of the LORD thy God , to walk in his ways , and to fear him .
3 : 1 For , behold , in those days , and in that time , when I shall bring again the captivity of Judah and Jerusalem , 3 : 2 I will also gather all nations , and will bring them down into the valley of Jehoshaphat , and will plead with them there for my people and for my heritage Israel , whom they have scattered among the nations , and parted my land .
105 : 12 When they were but a few men in number ; yea , very few , and strangers in it .
And the bell was rung , and the carriages spoken for .
2 : 13 Submit yourselves to every ordinance of man for the Lord ' s sake : whether it be to the king , as supreme ; 2 : 14 Or unto governors , as unto them that are sent by him for the punishment of evildoers , and for the praise of them that do well .
" It is but a cottage ," she continued , " but I hope to see many of my friends in it .
" However it may have come about ," said Elinor , after a pause ,--" they are certainly married .
1 : 45 Philip findeth Nathanael , and saith unto him , We have found him , of whom Moses in the law , and the prophets , did write , Jesus of Nazareth , the son of Joseph .
17 : 6 And the ravens brought him bread and flesh in the morning , and bread and flesh in the evening ; and he drank of the brook .
77 : 19 Thy way is in the sea , and thy path in the great waters , and thy footsteps are not known .
7 : 2 Of every clean beast thou shalt take to thee by sevens , the male and his female : and of beasts that are not clean by two , the male and his female .
35 : 16 With hypocritical mockers in feasts , they gnashed upon me with their teeth .
25 : 14 Now the name of the Israelite that was slain , even that was slain with the Midianitish woman , was Zimri , the son of Salu , a prince of a chief house among the Simeonites .
23 : 1 And it came to pass a long time after that the LORD had given rest unto Israel from all their enemies round about , that Joshua waxed old and stricken in age .
12 : 1 At that time Jesus went on the sabbath day through the corn ; and his disciples were an hungred , and began to pluck the ears of corn and to eat .
The two families were so continually meeting , so much in the habit of running in and out of each other ' s house at all hours , that it was rather a surprise to her to find Mary alone ; but being alone , her being unwell and out of spirits was almost a matter of course .
They talk and laugh a great deal too much for me .
I hope not of a putrid infectious sort .
45 : 25 In the seventh month , in the fifteenth day of the month , shall he do the like in the feast of the seven days , according to the sin offering , according to the burnt offering , and according to the meat offering , and according to the oil .
There was no delay , no waste of time .
6 : 24 We have heard the fame thereof : our hands wax feeble : anguish hath taken hold of us , and pain , as of a woman in travail .
11 : 8 And when he numbered them in Bezek , the children of Israel were three hundred thousand , and the men of Judah thirty thousand .
she cried .--" And such weather for exploring !-- These delays and disappointments are quite odious .
14 : 14 The LORD shall fight for you , and ye shall hold your peace .
14 : 11 And the priest that maketh him clean shall present the man that is to be made clean , and those things , before the LORD , at the door of the tabernacle of the congregation : 14 : 12 And the priest shall take one he lamb , and offer him for a trespass offering , and the log of oil , and wave them for a wave offering before the LORD : 14 : 13 And he shall slay the lamb in the place where he shall kill the sin offering and the burnt offering , in the holy place : for as the sin offering is the priest ' s , so is the trespass offering : it is most holy : 14 : 14 And the priest shall take some of the blood of the trespass offering , and the priest shall put it upon the tip of the right ear of him that is to be cleansed , and upon the thumb of his right hand , and upon the great toe of his right foot : 14 : 15 And the priest shall take some of the log of oil , and pour it into the palm of his own left hand : 14 : 16 And the priest shall dip his right finger in the oil that is in his left hand , and shall sprinkle of the oil with his finger seven times before the LORD : 14 : 17 And of the rest of the oil that is in his hand shall the priest put upon the tip of the right ear of him that is to be cleansed , and upon the thumb of his right hand , and upon the great toe of his right foot , upon the blood of the trespass offering : 14 : 18 And the remnant of the oil that is in the priest ' s hand he shall pour upon the head of him that is to be cleansed : and the priest shall make an atonement for him before the LORD .
" Dear me !
And he turned himself , and went out from Pharaoh .
Will not the old prejudice be too strong ?"
" As you are going farther on business , sir , I will take the opportunity of paying a visit , which must be paid some day or other , and therefore may as well be paid now .
An interval of meditation , serious and grateful , was the best corrective of everything dangerous in such high - wrought felicity ; and she went to her room , and grew steadfast and fearless in the thankfulness of her enjoyment .
7 : 35 But wisdom is justified of all her children .
30 : 12 To the end that my glory may sing praise to thee , and not be silent .
56 : 12 Come ye , say they , I will fetch wine , and we will fill ourselves with strong drink ; and to morrow shall be as this day , and much more abundant .
Fortunately , however , it did cease .
Absolute neglect of the mother and sisters , when invited to come , would be ingratitude .
These are the sons of Ishmael .
His medicines had failed ;-- the fever was unabated ; and Marianne only more quiet -- not more herself -- remained in a heavy stupor .
know ye not that your body is the temple of the Holy Ghost which is in you , which ye have of God , and ye are not your own ?
33 : 36 And they removed from Eziongaber , and pitched in the wilderness of Zin , which is Kadesh .
5 : 8 Jesus saith unto him , Rise , take up thy bed , and walk .
33 : 11 Wherefore the LORD brought upon them the captains of the host of the king of Assyria , which took Manasseh among the thorns , and bound him with fetters , and carried him to Babylon .
16 : 24 And he bought the hill Samaria of Shemer for two talents of silver , and built on the hill , and called the name of the city which he built , after the name of Shemer , owner of the hill , Samaria .
And a certain man of Bethlehemjudah went to sojourn in the country of Moab , he , and his wife , and his two sons .
Elinor was to be the comforter of others in her own distresses , no less than in theirs ; and all the comfort that could be given by assurances of her own composure of mind , and a very earnest vindication of Edward from every charge but of imprudence , was readily offered .
12 : 18 But now hath God set the members every one of them in the body , as it hath pleased him .
52 : 12 For ye shall not go out with haste , nor go by flight : for the LORD will go before you ; and the God of Israel will be your rereward .
22 : 12 And Saul said , Hear now , thou son of Ahitub .
Now was the time for Mr . Frank Churchill to come among them ; and the hope strengthened when it was understood that he had written to his new mother on the occasion .
11 : 15 And they come to Jerusalem : and Jesus went into the temple , and began to cast out them that sold and bought in the temple , and overthrew the tables of the moneychangers , and the seats of them that sold doves ; 11 : 16 And would not suffer that any man should carry any vessel through the temple .
15 : 44 And Pilate marvelled if he were already dead : and calling unto him the centurion , he asked him whether he had been any while dead .
" He is a person I never think of from one month ' s end to another ," said Mr . Knightley , with a degree of vexation , which made Emma immediately talk of something else , though she could not comprehend why he should be angry .
32 : 13 I will destroy also all the beasts thereof from beside the great waters ; neither shall the foot of man trouble them any more , nor the hoofs of beasts trouble them .
20 : 32 So they girded sackcloth on their loins , and put ropes on their heads , and came to the king of Israel , and said , Thy servant Benhadad saith , I pray thee , let me live .
Elinor thought this generosity overstrained , considering her sister ' s youth , and urged the matter farther , but in vain ; common sense , common care , common prudence , were all sunk in Mrs . Dashwood ' s romantic delicacy .
16 : 19 For your obedience is come abroad unto all men .
21 : 12 The righteous man wisely considereth the house of the wicked : but God overthroweth the wicked for their wickedness .
" And so you absolutely opened what was directed to her !
23 : 2 And Joshua called for all Israel , and for their elders , and for their heads , and for their judges , and for their officers , and said unto them , I am old and stricken in age : 23 : 3 And ye have seen all that the LORD your God hath done unto all these nations because of you ; for the LORD your God is he that hath fought for you .
24 : 6 So Jehoiakim slept with his fathers : and Jehoiachin his son reigned in his stead .
1 : 3 The LORD is slow to anger , and great in power , and will not at all acquit the wicked : the LORD hath his way in the whirlwind and in the storm , and the clouds are the dust of his feet .
And Joshua did so .
Little boy , Full of joy ; Little girl , Sweet and small ; Cock does crow , So do you ; Merry voice , Infant noise ; Merrily , merrily , to welcome in the year .
Mrs . Weston ' s friends were all made happy by her safety ; and if the satisfaction of her well - doing could be increased to Emma , it was by knowing her to be the mother of a little girl .
1 : 11 Then shall his mind change , and he shall pass over , and offend , imputing this his power unto his god .
22 : 31 As for God , his way is perfect ; the word of the LORD is tried : he is a buckler to all them that trust in him .
The business was finished , and Harriet safe .
Pretty , pretty robin !
46 : 1 Thus saith the Lord GOD ; The gate of the inner court that looketh toward the east shall be shut the six working days ; but on the sabbath it shall be opened , and in the day of the new moon it shall be opened .
9 : 3 And all the rulers of the provinces , and the lieutenants , and the deputies , and officers of the king , helped the Jews ; because the fear of Mordecai fell upon them .
12 : 37 And on the other side of Jordan , of the Reubenites , and the Gadites , and of the half tribe of Manasseh , with all manner of instruments of war for the battle , an hundred and twenty thousand .
29 : 6 For our fathers have trespassed , and done that which was evil in the eyes of the LORD our God , and have forsaken him , and have turned away their faces from the habitation of the LORD , and turned their backs .
13 : 9 Of the tribe of Benjamin , Palti the son of Raphu .
" A material difference then ," she replied --" and no doubt you were much my superior in judgment at that period of our lives ; but does not the lapse of one - and - twenty years bring our understandings a good deal nearer ?"
And now see where the king ' s spear is , and the cruse of water that was at his bolster .
5 : 14 And these be the names of those that were born unto him in Jerusalem ; Shammuah , and Shobab , and Nathan , and Solomon , 5 : 15 Ibhar also , and Elishua , and Nepheg , and Japhia , 5 : 16 And Elishama , and Eliada , and Eliphalet .
8 : 9 But take heed lest by any means this liberty of your ' s become a stumblingblock to them that are weak .
41 : 39 And Pharaoh said unto Joseph , Forasmuch as God hath shewed thee all this , there is none so discreet and wise as thou art : 41 : 40 Thou shalt be over my house , and according unto thy word shall all my people be ruled : only in the throne will I be greater than thou .
11 : 7 And as they departed , Jesus began to say unto the multitudes concerning John , What went ye out into the wilderness to see ?
22 : 3 And there shall be no more curse : but the throne of God and of the Lamb shall be in it ; and his servants shall serve him : 22 : 4 And they shall see his face ; and his name shall be in their foreheads .
To be in company , nicely dressed herself and seeing others nicely dressed , to sit and smile and look pretty , and say nothing , was enough for the happiness of the present hour .
35 : 13 But as for me , when they were sick , my clothing was sackcloth : I humbled my soul with fasting ; and my prayer returned into mine own bosom .
4 : 3 But Zerubbabel , and Jeshua , and the rest of the chief of the fathers of Israel , said unto them , Ye have nothing to do with us to build an house unto our God ; but we ourselves together will build unto the LORD God of Israel , as king Cyrus the king of Persia hath commanded us .
" Wentworth was the very name !
57 : 9 And thou wentest to the king with ointment , and didst increase thy perfumes , and didst send thy messengers far off , and didst debase thyself even unto hell .
The corner of the sofa is very good .
My poor little girl would be sadly disappointed , I know , if the basket was not finished tomorrow , for though I told her it certainly would not , I am sure she depends upon having it done ."
6 : 32 But whoso committeth adultery with a woman lacketh understanding : he that doeth it destroyeth his own soul .
119 : 57 Thou art my portion , O LORD : I have said that I would keep thy words .
I have the pleasure , madam , ( to Mrs . Bates ,) of restoring your spectacles , healed for the present ."
26 : 12 He divideth the sea with his power , and by his understanding he smiteth through the proud .
" It is one that I shall never change , however ."
24 : 32 And the bones of Joseph , which the children of Israel brought up out of Egypt , buried they in Shechem , in a parcel of ground which Jacob bought of the sons of Hamor the father of Shechem for an hundred pieces of silver : and it became the inheritance of the children of Joseph .
6 : 2 And when the sabbath day was come , he began to teach in the synagogue : and many hearing him were astonished , saying , From whence hath this man these things ?
She persisted in a very determined , though very silent disinclination for Bath ; caught the first dim view of the extensive buildings , smoking in rain , without any wish of seeing them better ; felt their progress through the streets to be , however disagreeable , yet too rapid ; for who would be glad to see her when she arrived ?
8 : 10 And these were the chief of king Solomon ' s officers , even two hundred and fifty , that bare rule over the people .
Harriet seemed ready to worship her friend for a sentence so satisfactory ; and Emma was only saved from raptures and fondness , which at that moment would have been dreadful penance , by the sound of her father ' s footsteps .
no -- I hope I shall not be ridiculous about it .
22 : 10 I was cast upon thee from the womb : thou art my God from my mother ' s belly .
31 : 2 And the Philistines followed hard upon Saul and upon his sons ; and the Philistines slew Jonathan , and Abinadab , and Melchishua , Saul ' s sons .
2 : 13 Which things also we speak , not in the words which man ' s wisdom teacheth , but which the Holy Ghost teacheth ; comparing spiritual things with spiritual .
1 : 14 And it came to pass , when she came to him , that she moved him to ask of her father a field : and she lighted from off her ass ; and Caleb said unto her , What wilt thou ?
Mr . Harris was punctual in his second visit ;-- but he came to be disappointed in his hopes of what the last would produce .
She had once partly promised Mrs Smith to spend the evening with her ; but in a short hurried call she excused herself and put it off , with the more decided promise of a longer visit on the morrow .
17 : 28 Then one of the priests whom they had carried away from Samaria came and dwelt in Bethel , and taught them how they should fear the LORD .
And he said , A rod .
19 : 17 And the fourth lot came out to Issachar , for the children of Issachar according to their families .
2 : 41 Then they that gladly received his word were baptized : and the same day there were added unto them about three thousand souls .
12 : 9 But Jehoiada the priest took a chest , and bored a hole in the lid of it , and set it beside the altar , on the right side as one cometh into the house of the LORD : and the priests that kept the door put therein all the money that was brought into the house of the LORD .
At one time Patty came to say she thought the kitchen chimney wanted sweeping .
The hum of multitudes was there , but multitudes of lambs , Thousands of little boys and girls raising their innocent hands .
41 : 6 Shall the companions make a banquet of him ?
32 : 21 Let me not , I pray you , accept any man ' s person , neither let me give flattering titles unto man .
Oh !
9 : 26 And it shall come to pass , that in the place where it was said unto them , Ye are not my people ; there shall they be called the children of the living God .
13 : 8 Peter saith unto him , Thou shalt never wash my feet .
25 : 14 And when they had been there many days , Festus declared Paul ' s cause unto the king , saying , There is a certain man left in bonds by Felix : 25 : 15 About whom , when I was at Jerusalem , the chief priests and the elders of the Jews informed me , desiring to have judgment against him .
21 : 36 For the multitude of the people followed after , crying , Away with him .
10 : 8 And that year they vexed and oppressed the children of Israel : eighteen years , all the children of Israel that were on the other side Jordan in the land of the Amorites , which is in Gilead .
34 : 31 And the king stood in his place , and made a covenant before the LORD , to walk after the LORD , and to keep his commandments , and his testimonies , and his statutes , with all his heart , and with all his soul , to perform the words of the covenant which are written in this book .
" Mary M ---.
It has not made him happy .
10 : 22 For though thy people Israel be as the sand of the sea , yet a remnant of them shall return : the consumption decreed shall overflow with righteousness .
Poor Perry is bilious , and he has not time to take care of himself -- he tells me he has not time to take care of himself -- which is very sad -- but he is always wanted all round the country .
It was a pity that she had not come back earlier !
6 : 46 And when he had sent them away , he departed into a mountain to pray .
" Poor Marianne !"
7 : 8 And the LORD spake unto Moses and unto Aaron , saying , 7 : 9 When Pharaoh shall speak unto you , saying , Shew a miracle for you : then thou shalt say unto Aaron , Take thy rod , and cast it before Pharaoh , and it shall become a serpent .
14 : 3 Then his father and his mother said unto him , Is there never a woman among the daughters of thy brethren , or among all my people , that thou goest to take a wife of the uncircumcised Philistines ?
2 : 4 Look not every man on his own things , but every man also on the things of others .
And he said unto him , Take thy bill , and write fourscore .
19 : 19 And it was told Saul , saying , Behold , David is at Naioth in Ramah .
Then they took him , and slew him at the passages of Jordan : and there fell at that time of the Ephraimites forty and two thousand .
3 : 12 Now therefore take you twelve men out of the tribes of Israel , out of every tribe a man .
She knew that at times she must be missed ; and could not think , without pain , of Emma ' s losing a single pleasure , or suffering an hour ' s ennui , from the want of her companionableness : but dear Emma was of no feeble character ; she was more equal to her situation than most girls would have been , and had sense , and energy , and spirits that might be hoped would bear her well and happily through its little difficulties and privations .
22 : 41 And Jehoshaphat the son of Asa began to reign over Judah in the fourth year of Ahab king of Israel .
Amen .
The weather continued much the same all the following morning ; and the same loneliness , and the same melancholy , seemed to reign at Hartfield -- but in the afternoon it cleared ; the wind changed into a softer quarter ; the clouds were carried off ; the sun appeared ; it was summer again .
31 : 24 She maketh fine linen , and selleth it ; and delivereth girdles unto the merchant .
32 : 32 Therefore the children of Israel eat not of the sinew which shrank , which is upon the hollow of the thigh , unto this day : because he touched the hollow of Jacob ' s thigh in the sinew that shrank .
9 : 9 And she gave the king an hundred and twenty talents of gold , and of spices great abundance , and precious stones : neither was there any such spice as the queen of Sheba gave king Solomon .
And how does your business go on ?
The last office of the four carriage - horses was to draw Sir Walter , Miss Elliot , and Mrs Clay to Bath .
3 : 19 The LORD by wisdom hath founded the earth ; by understanding hath he established the heavens .
" That is very likely .
12 : 30 Jesus answered and said , This voice came not because of me , but for your sakes .
22 : 21 The LORD rewarded me according to my righteousness : according to the cleanness of my hands hath he recompensed me .
He did not seem to want to be near enough for conversation .
3 : 12 And if his offering be a goat , then he shall offer it before the LORD .
66 : 12 Thou hast caused men to ride over our heads ; we went through fire and through water : but thou broughtest us out into a wealthy place .
This , as every thing else would have been , was too much for Marianne , who could only exclaim , in the anguish of her heart , " Oh !
She concluded with a very kind invitation to Mr . and Mrs . John Dashwood to visit her at Barton ; and to Edward she gave one with still greater affection .
9 : 3 And they bend their tongues like their bow for lies : but they are not valiant for the truth upon the earth ; for they proceed from evil to evil , and they know not me , saith the LORD .
25 : 3 Now the name of the man was Nabal ; and the name of his wife Abigail : and she was a woman of good understanding , and of a beautiful countenance : but the man was churlish and evil in his doings ; and he was of the house of Caleb .
" No , none at all ," he replied , and read on .
47 : 9 The princes of the people are gathered together , even the people of the God of Abraham : for the shields of the earth belong unto God : he is greatly exalted .
Oh !
21 : 18 Howbeit we may not give them wives of our daughters : for the children of Israel have sworn , saying , Cursed be he that giveth a wife to Benjamin .
13 : 6 And one shall say unto him , What are these wounds in thine hands ?
18 : 8 Likewise from Tibhath , and from Chun , cities of Hadarezer , brought David very much brass , wherewith Solomon made the brasen sea , and the pillars , and the vessels of brass .
I was not aware of it myself .
3 : 5 Before him went the pestilence , and burning coals went forth at his feet .
She played over every favourite song that she had been used to play to Willoughby , every air in which their voices had been oftenest joined , and sat at the instrument gazing on every line of music that he had written out for her , till her heart was so heavy that no farther sadness could be gained ; and this nourishment of grief was every day applied .
CHAPTER 29
27 : 25 The hay appeareth , and the tender grass sheweth itself , and herbs of the mountains are gathered .
14 : 18 He said , Bring them hither to me .
2 : 3 Wherefore I also said , I will not drive them out from before you ; but they shall be as thorns in your sides , and their gods shall be a snare unto you .
here it comes .
I told you he was plain ."
His eldest daughter ' s alarm was equal to his own .
" I hope every body had a pleasant evening ," said Mr . Woodhouse , in his quiet way .
15 : 46 And he bought fine linen , and took him down , and wrapped him in the linen , and laid him in a sepulchre which was hewn out of a rock , and rolled a stone unto the door of the sepulchre .
8 : 7 For they have sown the wind , and they shall reap the whirlwind : it hath no stalk ; the bud shall yield no meal : if so be it yield , the strangers shall swallow it up .
Likewise also said all the disciples .
The Admiral , after taking two or three refreshing turns about the room with his hands behind him , being called to order by his wife , now came up to Captain Wentworth , and without any observation of what he might be interrupting , thinking only of his own thoughts , began with --
but he that cometh after me is mightier than I , whose shoes I am not worthy to bear : he shall baptize you with the Holy Ghost , and with fire : 3 : 12 Whose fan is in his hand , and he will throughly purge his floor , and gather his wheat into the garner ; but he will burn up the chaff with unquenchable fire .
26 : 12 When thou hast made an end of tithing all the tithes of thine increase the third year , which is the year of tithing , and hast given it unto the Levite , the stranger , the fatherless , and the widow , that they may eat within thy gates , and be filled ; 26 : 13 Then thou shalt say before the LORD thy God , I have brought away the hallowed things out of mine house , and also have given them unto the Levite , and unto the stranger , to the fatherless , and to the widow , according to all thy commandments which thou hast commanded me : I have not transgressed thy commandments , neither have I forgotten them .
But Marianne abhorred all concealment where no real disgrace could attend unreserve ; and to aim at the restraint of sentiments which were not in themselves illaudable , appeared to her not merely an unnecessary effort , but a disgraceful subjection of reason to common - place and mistaken notions .
27 : 22 Cursed be he that lieth with his sister , the daughter of his father , or the daughter of his mother .
Charles was to return to Lyme the same afternoon , and his father had at first half a mind to go with him , but the ladies could not consent .
29 : 29 And Laban gave to Rachel his daughter Bilhah his handmaid to be her maid .
I knew that we should either go to the bottom together , or that she would be the making of me ; and I never had two days of foul weather all the time I was at sea in her ; and after taking privateers enough to be very entertaining , I had the good luck in my passage home the next autumn , to fall in with the very French frigate I wanted .
16 : 10 And the king said , What have I to do with you , ye sons of Zeruiah ?
15 : 30 Then he said , I have sinned : yet honour me now , I pray thee , before the elders of my people , and before Israel , and turn again with me , that I may worship the LORD thy God .
15 : 27 The king said also unto Zadok the priest , Art not thou a seer ?
15 : 9 And the king said unto him , Go in peace .
" You are a very warm friend to Mr . Martin ; but , as I said before , are unjust to Harriet .
And there looked out to him two or three eunuchs .
8 : 16 And they reasoned among themselves , saying , It is because we have no bread .
18 : 12 His strength shall be hungerbitten , and destruction shall be ready at his side .
No sooner was his father ' s funeral over , than Mrs . John Dashwood , without sending any notice of her intention to her mother - in - law , arrived with her child and their attendants .
8 : 23 I was set up from everlasting , from the beginning , or ever the earth was .
8 : 3 And I went unto the prophetess ; and she conceived , and bare a son .
6 : 62 And to the sons of Gershom throughout their families out of the tribe of Issachar , and out of the tribe of Asher , and out of the tribe of Naphtali , and out of the tribe of Manasseh in Bashan , thirteen cities .
27 : 29 And all that handle the oar , the mariners , and all the pilots of the sea , shall come down from their ships , they shall stand upon the land ; 27 : 30 And shall cause their voice to be heard against thee , and shall cry bitterly , and shall cast up dust upon their heads , they shall wallow themselves in the ashes : 27 : 31 And they shall make themselves utterly bald for thee , and gird them with sackcloth , and they shall weep for thee with bitterness of heart and bitter wailing .
That will be a much better thing .
He heard Frank Churchill next say , with a glance towards Jane , " I will give it to her -- shall I ?"
You are very kind to bring me these interesting particulars .
12 : 10 For they verily for a few days chastened us after their own pleasure ; but he for our profit , that we might be partakers of his holiness .
Had Lady Dalrymple and her daughter even been very agreeable , she would still have been ashamed of the agitation they created , but they were nothing .
15 : 28 And the scripture was fulfilled , which saith , And he was numbered with the transgressors .
" He was four years with my uncle , who lives at Longstaple , near Plymouth .
the multitude must needs come together : for they will hear that thou art come .
Mrs . Dashwood remained at Norland several months ; not from any disinclination to move when the sight of every well known spot ceased to raise the violent emotion which it produced for a while ; for when her spirits began to revive , and her mind became capable of some other exertion than that of heightening its affliction by melancholy remembrances , she was impatient to be gone , and indefatigable in her inquiries for a suitable dwelling in the neighbourhood of Norland ; for to remove far from that beloved spot was impossible .
I am very much mistaken if your sex in general would not think such beauty , and such temper , the highest claims a woman could possess ."
18 : 17 Thou shalt not uncover the nakedness of a woman and her daughter , neither shalt thou take her son ' s daughter , or her daughter ' s daughter , to uncover her nakedness ; for they are her near kinswomen : it is wickedness .
5 : 17 But when the Philistines heard that they had anointed David king over Israel , all the Philistines came up to seek David ; and David heard of it , and went down to the hold .
Papa , do you not think it an excellent improvement ?"
" Me , my love ," cried his wife , hearing and understanding only in part .-- " Are you talking about me ?-- I am sure nobody ought to be , or can be , a greater advocate for matrimony than I am ; and if it had not been for the misery of her leaving Hartfield , I should never have thought of Miss Taylor but as the most fortunate woman in the world ; and as to slighting Mr . Weston , that excellent Mr . Weston , I think there is nothing he does not deserve .
6 : 16 The sons of Levi ; Gershom , Kohath , and Merari .
If it seem good unto thee to come with me into Babylon , come ; and I will look well unto thee : but if it seem ill unto thee to come with me into Babylon , forbear : behold , all the land is before thee : whither it seemeth good and convenient for thee to go , thither go .
" She was determined to drop his acquaintance immediately , and she was very thankful that she had never been acquainted with him at all .
5 : 28 And he left all , rose up , and followed him .
3 : 19 Wherefore then serveth the law ?
26 : 28 And they said , We saw certainly that the LORD was with thee : and we said , Let there be now an oath betwixt us , even betwixt us and thee , and let us make a covenant with thee ; 26 : 29 That thou wilt do us no hurt , as we have not touched thee , and as we have done unto thee nothing but good , and have sent thee away in peace : thou art now the blessed of the LORD .
21 : 4 And the priest answered David , and said , There is no common bread under mine hand , but there is hallowed bread ; if the young men have kept themselves at least from women .
So I said I would go down and see , and Jane said , ` Shall I go down instead ?
3 : 30 So Joab , and Abishai his brother slew Abner , because he had slain their brother Asahel at Gibeon in the battle .
Charles , I declare it will be too abominable if you do , when you promised to go ."
and after it was sold , was it not in thine own power ?
How absurd to be resuming the agitation which such an interval had banished into distance and indistinctness !
But the high priest came , and they that were with him , and called the council together , and all the senate of the children of Israel , and sent to the prison to have them brought .
13 : 38 Be it known unto you therefore , men and brethren , that through this man is preached unto you the forgiveness of sins : 13 : 39 And by him all that believe are justified from all things , from which ye could not be justified by the law of Moses .
They meant to take a long drive this morning ; perhaps we may hail them from some of these hills .
He was determined to make it by marriage .
15 : 15 And he went up thence to the inhabitants of Debir : and the name of Debir before was Kirjathsepher .
" Such ," said Colonel Brandon , after a pause , " has been the unhappy resemblance between the fate of mother and daughter !
60 : 9 Who will bring me into the strong city ?
18 : 25 For it is easier for a camel to go through a needle ' s eye , than for a rich man to enter into the kingdom of God .
Emma said it would be awkward ; Mrs . Weston was in distress about the supper ; and Mr . Woodhouse opposed it earnestly , on the score of health .
She looked down the Randalls road .
If I was wrong in yielding to persuasion once , remember that it was to persuasion exerted on the side of safety , not of risk .
103 : 8 The LORD is merciful and gracious , slow to anger , and plenteous in mercy .
The most satisfactory comparisons were rising in her mind .
Mr . Elton must smile less , and Mr . John Knightley more , to fit them for the place .-- Emma only might be as nature prompted , and shew herself just as happy as she was .
32 : 35 And they built the high places of Baal , which are in the valley of the son of Hinnom , to cause their sons and their daughters to pass through the fire unto Molech ; which I commanded them not , neither came it into my mind , that they should do this abomination , to cause Judah to sin .
3 : 16 And the priest shall burn them upon the altar : it is the food of the offering made by fire for a sweet savour : all the fat is the LORD ' s .
His father had no apprehension of it .
She was not thoroughly comfortable herself .
17 : 7 And he called the name of the place Massah , and Meribah , because of the chiding of the children of Israel , and because they tempted the LORD , saying , Is the LORD among us , or not ?
36 : 13 And he made fifty taches of gold , and coupled the curtains one unto another with the taches : so it became one tabernacle .
So he turned and went away in a rage .
13 : 19 It is like a grain of mustard seed , which a man took , and cast into his garden ; and it grew , and waxed a great tree ; and the fowls of the air lodged in the branches of it .
18 : 33 And a certain man drew a bow at a venture , and smote the king of Israel between the joints of the harness : therefore he said to his chariot man , Turn thine hand , that thou mayest carry me out of the host ; for I am wounded .
no doubt she had been suffering a great deal : more than any body had ever supposed -- and continual pain would try the temper .
9 : 29 Then Esther the queen , the daughter of Abihail , and Mordecai the Jew , wrote with all authority , to confirm this second letter of Purim .
1 : 34 Of the children of Manasseh , by their generations , after their families , by the house of their fathers , according to the number of the names , from twenty years old and upward , all that were able to go forth to war ; 1 : 35 Those that were numbered of them , even of the tribe of Manasseh , were thirty and two thousand and two hundred .
38 : 2 And Judah saw there a daughter of a certain Canaanite , whose name was Shuah ; and he took her , and went in unto her .
If therefore the light that is in thee be darkness , how great is that darkness !
8 : 14 And he said unto me , Unto two thousand and three hundred days ; then shall the sanctuary be cleansed .
" Me !-- oh !
" Yes , that of course ."
Do you mean with regard to this letter ?"
He will be so pleased to see my little ones ."
A reed shaken with the wind ?
It was thus imparted to her , as soon as any opportunity of private conference between them occurred .
13 : 11 And that , knowing the time , that now it is high time to awake out of sleep : for now is our salvation nearer than when we believed .
1 : 1 Now after the death of Joshua it came to pass , that the children of Israel asked the LORD , saying , Who shall go up for us against the Canaanites first , to fight against them ?
33 : 21 And it came to pass in the twelfth year of our captivity , in the tenth month , in the fifth day of the month , that one that had escaped out of Jerusalem came unto me , saying , The city is smitten .
17 : 5 Neither shall thy name any more be called Abram , but thy name shall be Abraham ; for a father of many nations have I made thee .
To look at her , nobody would think how delighted and happy she is to have secured such a situation .
" By all means , my dear ," cried Mrs Musgrove , " go home directly , and take care of yourself , that you may be fit for the evening .
3 : 9 For if the ministration of condemnation be glory , much more doth the ministration of righteousness exceed in glory .
1 : 14 Sanctify ye a fast , call a solemn assembly , gather the elders and all the inhabitants of the land into the house of the LORD your God , and cry unto the LORD , 1 : 15 Alas for the day !
Some time afterwards it was , " I think Mrs . Goddard would be very much surprized if she knew what had happened .
Elinor bowed her assent .
